+++
title = "2018-09-17"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-09-17

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Nathan    (Ringo)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Buy bleach
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Put advertisement for systems help on website
 - Mike:
   - [x] Work with Ace on the next email
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Send followups to people
 - Ari and Helen:
   - [ ] Submit annual report
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Set up Battlestation for machine learning
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

## Topics for Discussion
 - Update bylaws
 - ACM national report: email ACM about technical issues
 - MinneHack privacy policy
 - ACM-W being added to capabilities.pl
 - Paint the bridge prep and scheduling
 - Update website to gutenberg 0.4.1
 - DORS update
 - Purchase form standards
 - Update gopherlink
 - Find out who to talk to about getting an API token
 - Mailing list semantics change
 - Fall 2018 CSE Student Org Fair
 - Temporary CSE labs accounts
 - Door access for new members
 - Ban Michael from using do-not-disturb
 - "How to get involved" copy for the site
 - MLH
 - Constitution/bylaws update wrt membership
 - Clean fridge
 - Vending machine
 - New fridge
 - New printer
 - Print server
 - SNMP

## Minutes
 - Update bylaws
   - We need to put the cost of membership in the bylaws
   - Thomas will do that at the end of the meeting
 - ACM national report: email ACM about technical issues
   - We emailed ACM national and they fixed the bug
   - We still need to submit the report
 - MinneHack privacy policy
   - The lawyers haven't gotten back to us, but we need to hear back by the time we do RSVP
   - Jack will bug the lawyers to get back to us
 - ACM-W being added to capabilities.pl
   - We need Ashmita to be here before we can do that
 - Paint the bridge prep and scheduling
   - We can use the paintbrushes someone left on the table
   - We need to laser cut stencils, Isai can do that
 - Update website to gutenberg 0.4.2
   - Michael will be in charge of that
 - DORS update
   - Ari has been talking to the person in charge of online payments because the U doesn't want us handling cash for membership fees
   - In the future, people will go to a link and pay with a credit card
   - There are separate links for full year and semester payment which isn't ideal
   - We need to do some tests and then we will publicise the link to new members
 - New channel for people who own servers
   - Possibly make a new channel for people who own servers so it's easier to @ all of them?
 - Purchase a new printer
   - Thomas will bring it up in his meeting with Mats
 - Purchase form standards
   - We need to work out who will be in charge of filling out purchase forms for which event
   - As soon as you know the details of the purchase request, fill out the form
 - Update gopherlink
   - The profile link is wrong, Jack will fix it
 - Find out who to talk to about getting an API token
   - Isai told Nathan a while ago but he forgot who it was
 - Fall 2018 CSE Student Org Fair
   - Thursday, October 4th
   - We should go
   - We need to find out whether there's a cost associated with going
   - Cassie should be in charge of that, Isai will @ her
 - Temporary CSE labs accounts
   - Louis needs to email the CSE labs people to get 10 or 15 temp accounts to use for UNIX classes
   - Once we get them we'll just write them out on cards
 - Door access for new members
   - Louis sent the email, it may or may not have gone through yet
 - MLH
   - MLH said they would be in touch with us but they haven't reached out
   - Jack will get in touch with them at some point in the (near) future
 - Clean fridge
   - Louis needs to get some acetone and get his writing off the fridge
 - New fridge, new printer
   - We need to send the old printer to the reuse center once we get the new one
 - Print server
   - We need to set up a print server on the new printer
   - We may need LDAP for that
   - It would be good if the print server was joined to the ACM network, joining it the U would be acceptable
 - ACM-W Halloween Hack Night Collab
   - This might be good to do but we also have a lot of things going on
   - We can help them advertise
   - We may not be able to provide manpower but we can help with logistics
 - Website hosting for other student groups
   - We should reach out to ACM-W about hosting their website
   - oSTEM reached out to us about their website, we could offer to host them also
 - Career fair
   - If you're at the career fair tomorrow and Wednesday and want to evangelize for us, reach out to Isai to get access to the spreadsheet
 - Reimbursements
   - If you want a reimbursement fill out the form

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
   - [ ] CSE Student Org Fair
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Buy bleach
 - Isai:
   - [ ] Lasercut stencils for bridge painting
 - Jack:
   - [ ] Bug the lawyers about the MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Reach out to MLH
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Put advertisement for systems help on website
   - [ ] Get temporary CSE Labs accounts for UNIX classes
   - [ ] Get some acetone and clean your writing off the fridge
 - Michael:
   - [ ] Update website to Gutenberg 0.4.x
 - Ari and Helen:
   - [ ] Submit annual report
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Set up Battlestation for machine learning
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

