+++
title = "2018-09-24"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-09-24

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ace       (Nice)
 - Nathan    (Ringo)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
   - [ ] CSE Student Org Fair
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Buy bleach
 - Isai:
   - [ ] Lasercut stencils for bridge painting
 - Jack:
   - [ ] Bug the lawyers about the MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Reach out to MLH
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Put advertisement for systems help on website
   - [ ] Get temporary CSE Labs accounts for UNIX classes
   - [x] Get some acetone and clean your writing off the fridge
 - Michael:
   - [ ] Update website to Gutenberg 0.4.x
 - Ari and Helen:
   - [x] Submit annual report
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Set up Battlestation for machine learning
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

## Topics for Discussion
 - P card update
 - Upcoming events
 - Strategic partnerships
 - MinneHack sponsor status
 - Homi update
 - Career fair
 - Mpls activities fair
 - Boston Scientific tech talk date
 - LAN party
 - Budgets and spending plan
 - Vending machine
 - Emails
 - Servers
 - DORS
 - Papertrail
 - Memberlist frontend
 - Channel cleanup
 - 2nd E5620 for r410
 - SDC
 - Appropriate things to post in #general
 - SSF funding request prep
 - Pronoun roles
 - Catering for future Coffee & Donuts events
 - Pick up for Tim Horton's tomorrow
 - Finals and waffles
 - UNIX class videos
 - MinneHack sponsors

## Minutes
 - P card update
   - Isai talked to Mats and he thinks we should have one
   - Isai and Thomas are setting up a meeting with him to talk about it
 - Upcoming events
   - ACM-W is setting up a hack night on Halloween, Helen is in contact with them
 - Strategic partnerships
   - We haven't reached out to ACM-W yet, but we're going to see if they want to host there site on our servers
   - After we reach out to them we should reach out to oSTEM
   - We should consider what we want in return, possibly just putting our events on their newsletter?
   - Isai will write the email and either Ace or Helen will send it because they have connections
 - MinneHack sponsor status
   - Jack and Isai went over confirmed sponsors and Thomas is looking at how to invoice them
   - Jack and Isai are feeling out more sponsors
 - Homi update
   - HOMI sponsored another hackathon a while ago and they may want to sponsor MinneHack
   - We should work out what we want to offer them and reach out
 - Career fair
   - Isai got some information from potential sponsors but hasn't heard back yet
 - Mpls activities fair
   - That already happened, oops
 - Boston Scientific tech talk date
   - Jack is in contact with them, we have two possible dates in October
   - We should get started on advertising that and putting it on the website
 - LAN party
   - A representative from IEEE is here to talk about LAN party
   - It will be the week before thanksgiving
   - We will be in charge of setup, IEEE will do teardown
   - Someone from IEEE will do the poster design
   - We have to reserve the atrium as soon as possible
   - We'll probably just do Dominos again this year, we'll split the cost down the middle
   - We also need to find out if anyone from IEEE is bringing any hardware, specifically windows machines
   - Possibly we should make a new discord server to arrange teams for the esports brackets
   - esports@umn hosted a hearthstone tournament last year and they may want to again, Ace is contacting them
 - Budgets and spending plan
   - Thomas needs to talk to Mats about our budget
 - Vending machine
   - Ringo will talk to Shana but everyone else thinks it's a bad idea
 - Emails
   - We've mostly kept on top of email responses recently, but a few still need to be addressed
 - Servers
   - They've been updated
 - DORS
   - We're supposed to use that for new members, it's been set up now
 - Papertrail
   - Shana wants to know why we need Papertrail
   - We just need to tell her about how we need to know when servers are down and stuff like that
   - Louis will email her, Helen will look over the email
 - Memberlist frontend
   - Louis is busy but it should get done this weekend
 - Channel cleanup
   - Louis already did it
   - In the future we may want to set them up to visible only to people who assign themselves self roles
 - SDC
   - It is coming up, we should order shirts
   - Thomas will order the shirts ASAP
   - Helen and Jack have talked about food but don't have a concrete plan yet
   - The poster needs to say "funded by SSF" on it
   - We need to start hanging up posters next week
 - Appropriate things to post in #general
   - Don't talk about eating ass in general
 - SSF funding request prep
   - To prepare for SSF request stuff, Isai, Helen, and Thomas need to go though a canvas course
   - Anyone else who want to do the course can do that this Thursday night after 7:00
 - Pronoun roles
   - Set them up as a self role (opt in)
 - Catering for future Coffee & Donuts events
   - We're ordering Tim Hortons for the upcoming Donuts w/ the department
   - The university suggested we should do it through university dining services, but that's a bad idea
 - Pick up for Tim Horton's tomorrow
   - We are going to contact Alison to see if she can pick up the Tim Hortons
   - If she can't, Ari can use Helen's car to do it
 - Finals and waffles
   - For next semester, we may want to request SSF funds for waffle mix and a tarp for a waffle and studying party
 - UNIX class videos
   - Ace will do the subtitling after the meeting
   - Ringo will set up a webpage for 
 - Gopherlink sign in
   - There is a card reader in Cassie's cubby, instructions on how to use it to sign in through gopherlink are in keybase
 - Being polite to other groups
   - Don't talk about things other groups have done wrong while their representative is in the room
 - Conversations in meeting topics channel
   - Don't talk about the meeting topics in the meeting topics channel
   - Instead, talk about them at the meeting
 - Bleach
   - Ace will clean the small fridge after Helen buys bleach

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
   - [ ] Do the UNIX class subtitles
   - [ ] Clean the small fridge
 - Ari:
   - [ ] Pick up the Tim Horton's if Alison can't do it
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Buy bleach
 - Isai:
   - [ ] Lasercut stencils for bridge painting
 - Jack:
   - [ ] Bug the lawyers about the MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Reach out to MLH
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Put advertisement for systems help on website
   - [ ] Get temporary CSE Labs accounts for UNIX classes
 - Michael:
   - [ ] Update website to Gutenberg 0.4.x
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Talk to Mats
   - [ ] Order SDC shirts
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Set up Battlestation for machine learning
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

