+++
title = "2018-10-08"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-10-08
tags = []
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Nathan    (Ringo)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
   - [ ] Do the UNIX class subtitles
   - [ ] Clean the small fridge
 - Ari:
   - [x] Pick up the Tim Horton's if Alison can't do it
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Buy bleach
 - Isai:
   - [ ] Lasercut stencils for bridge painting
 - Jack:
   - [x] Bug the lawyers about the MinneHack privacy policy
   - [x] Reach out to MLH
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Put advertisement for systems help on website
   - [x] Get temporary CSE Labs accounts for UNIX classes
 - Michael:
   - [x] Update website to Gutenberg 0.4.x
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Talk to Mats
   - [x] Order SDC shirts
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Set up Battlestation for machine learning
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ensure all event times are listed on the website
 - Pick images and information for the banner
 - Info about meetings on meeting minutes page
 - odo -- TODO bot for discord
 - tod
 - P card
 - Bleach
 - Stencils for paint the bridge
 - Brooksource sponsorship
 - Pizza permits for upcoming events
 - Paint the bridge
 - Minnehack funding
 - New channels as self channels
 - Self channel discoverability
 - Minnehack master spreadsheet
 - Spring SSF request
 - IEEE collaborative event
 - Reimbursements
 - Donuts
 - SDC: shirts, reservations, pizza permits, purchases, prizes, responsibilities
 - CLP letter
 - Cups

## Minutes
 - Ensure all event times are listed on the website
   - Isai went through and added times for all existing events
   - Make sure to add them in the future
 - Pick images and information for the banner
   - We'll pick out pictures after the meeting and get them to Cassie
 - odo -- TODO bot for discord
   - It's been added to the systems committee's todo list
 - P card
   - Shana says we don't have enough goodwill with the department to have a permanent card
   - We still need to do the training for the times when we check one out
 - Bleach
   - Isai and Helen both have not bought bleach yet
   - Thomas can put in an electronic purchase request
 - Stencils for paint the bridge
   - Cassie made designs, she will send them to Oliver to get them made
   - Needs to happen ASAP because paint the bridge is Thursday
 - Brooksource sponsorship
   - They are interested in sponsoring us but they can't just give us money
   - They need to give us sponsorship for a specific part of MinneHack
   - It did work out last year, we just need to work things out
 - Pizza permits for upcoming events
   - We need one for Boston Scientific talk
   - SDC requests have already been sent in
 - Minnehack funding
   - We've been promised money, we just need to actually get it
   - Thomas and Isai have been emailing several companies
   - We need to talk to the department about getting a new form for invoicing companies
   - Companies have told us they are uncomfortable with just filling in a word doc
 - Other MinneHack topics
   - Isai and Jack have emailed several other companies and are waiting to hear back
   - The fundraising 
 - New channels as self channels
   - If you make a new channel and it makes sense for it to be a self channel, make it a self channel
 - Self channel discoverability
   - We need some way for people to know what self roles are available
   - Information about using the role bot is in the new #info channel
 - Minnehack master spreadsheet
   - Anyone who is involved in planning MinneHack has to update the spreadsheet
   - If something isn't relevant to you, don't update it
 - Spring SSF request
   - Isai and Thomas did the training, Helen still has to. It takes less than an hour
   - The request is due October 28th
 - IEEE collaborative event
   - IEEE emailed us about a collaborative super-event in Keller Hall
   - We should reply to the email asking what the event actually is
 - Reimbursements
   - Nathan still doesn't have his reimbursement money
   - If he still doesn't have it by Monday he will contact Dania
 - Donuts
   - Isai is emailing the professors to see who is coming tomorrow
 - SDC: shirts, reservations, pizza permits, purchases, prizes, responsibilities
   - Shirts, reservations, pizza permits, and purchase requests have all been purchased/sent
   - We still need to decide what to do about prizes. After we decide Thomas can request them
   - If we get Google cloud credit we can list Google as a sponsor
   - Officer responsibilies: Everyone needs to hand up posters, we also need people for setup/teardown
   - The prompt also needs to be written
   - We need judges for the design and implementation sections
 - CLP letter
   - Isai needs to fill out another CLP form and send it to Shana
 - Cups
   - We should buy cups
 - Unibees sponsorship
   - Jack will email them back
 - Papertrail password
   - We need to physically type in the papertrail password for the department
   - Because they apparently can't copy paste it themselves

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
   - [ ] Clean the small fridge
 - Ashmita:
   - [ ] Lasercut stencils for bridge painting
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Do the UNIX class subtitles
 - Isai:
   - [ ] Buy bleach
   - [ ] Pick out pictures for the banner
   - [ ] Email Shana about the CLP letter
 - Jack:
   - [ ] Write the SDC prompt
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Advertise for systems help
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Talk to Mats
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Set up Battlestation for machine learning
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

