+++
title = "2018-11-12 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-11-12
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

# 2018-11-12

Start Time: 7:00 PM
End Time:   7:45 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ari       (The Architect)
 - Charlie   (Cool Guy :))

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Set up group photo thing
 - Jack
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Find out what's the deal with the atrium TVs
 - Michael
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] ~~Take information about snack store out of rules~~
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] CS&E Purchase Request
- Louis & Thomas:
     - [ ] minnehack.com DNS Renewal
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Louis and Helen:
     - [x] Interest group survey, mirroring ACM National SIG format
### Long Term
 - Jack
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ari: Kanetus think talk
 - Ari: Namecheap
     - Ringo: We should consider getting the domain for 10 years in the interest of future paperwork reduction
     - Isai: This is reasonable. Let's look in to costs.
 - Isai: Volunteering at CSE career fair
     - Isai: Let's look in to how we can become volunteers. 
     - Charlie: student groups have issues with committing to the career fair
 - Ari: Website header
 - Ari: Card access
 - Isai: Adding to mailing list
 - Ace: We can send email as acm@umn.edu!
 - Ari: Update website
 - Ari: MinneHack registrants
 - Thomas: Sam's club membership?
 - Helen: Past events page on website
 - Helen: Constitution update
 - Helen: Officer membership fees
 - Helen: Unix class captioning
     - Ringo: I can do them over Thanksgiving, but only if absolutely necessary
 - Louis: Door status update
     - Louis: I'm in touch with our new PoC in the CS dept admin office, Aaron Conner. Hopefully the door will be updated soon.
     - Louis: The issue last time was that they used an old access list instead of the one I sent them
     - **Louis: In the future we'll need to collect Student ID numbers in addition to names, UCard #s, and x500s**
 - Thomas: Deliberation

## Minutes
 - Ari: Kanetus think talk
     - Ari: I was in email contact with them, they haven't replied in a while.
     - Ari: They were thinking a morning Think Talk, so like coffee.
     - Ari: They have an app that uses your location to play descriptive audio.
 - Ari: Namecheap
     - Ringo: We should consider getting the domain for 10 years in the interest of future paperwork reduction.
     - Isai: I think that's reasonable.
     - Ringo: If we switch registrars, we want one with reasonable API access.
     - Isai: We should look up how much it costs to buy a domain for ten years.
     - Ringo: Deadline for this should be early December.
 - Isai: Volunteering at CSE career fair
     - Isai: This is what IEEE does and it gets them a lot of money.
     - Isai: We could use that money to get pizza or some incentive for non-officer members to come to meetings
     - Helen: To get that money you need to be the group throwing the event, which is a lot of work and the groups that already throw it might get mad if we steal their spot
 - Ari: Website header
     - Ari: This needs to happen
     - **Isai: Michael is working on it**
 - Ari: Card access
     - Isai: Louis sent an email about it, it will happen
     - Isai: We need a better way of updating the door access list.
     - Louis: I'm in touch with our new PoC in the CS dept admin office, Aaron Conner. Hopefully the door will be updated soon.
     - Louis: The issue last time was that they used an old access list instead of the one I sent them
     - **Louis: In the future we'll need to collect Student ID numbers in addition to names, UCard #s, and x500s**
     - Isai: We should put something about collecting ID numbers in the newsletter to get them from existing members
     - Thomas: This should 
 - Isai: Adding to mailing list
     - Isai: How should we add people to the mailing list?
     - Mike: Currently the mailing list is only stored in MailChimp, and there's no automatic add function.
     - **Helen: I can get an automatic add link from MailChimp that we can distribute to people who want to be added.**
 - Ace: We can send email as acm@umn.edu!
     - Isai: Which emails do we want to send from acm vs acmpr?
     - Isai: We can look at what emails are currently being set from which account and decide what to do with them in the future.
     - Ringo: Should we use this for MinneHack registration?
     - Ari: I think acmpr for sponsor stuff, acm for registration stuff.
 - Ari: Update website
     - Things discussed at the MinneHack meeting: 
         - approve pull request from last Monday
         - remove past events from events page
         - add new events (specifically epic think talk)
         - UMN header and footer
     - Helen: We need to display past events instead of just deleting them. (The department requested this)
     - Isai: The past events should be a link to a separate page, not the same timeline
     - Isai: Until the 'old events' page gets implemented we need to just get the old events off the site
 - Ari: MinneHack registrants
     - Isai: We're at 250 currently
     - Helen: We need to work on reaching out to people from other schools
     - Helen: If you want to help you can look through the list of ACM chapters from other schools
     - Isai: If you get me a template I can use my script to send out those emails.
     - Isai: We also need to advertise MinneHack and CTF in classes.
     - Ari: Who's doing that?
     - **Isai: We'll pull up the class list with the tool in the GitHub and divide classes at the end of the meeting**
 - Thomas: Sam's club membership?
     - Helen: The drinks and snacks for MinneHack should come from Sam's Club
     - Helen: We need to either borrow a member's account or by one for $60
     - Willbur: I have one you can borrow
     - **shoutout to willbur**
 - ~~Helen: Past events page on website~~
 - Helen: Constitution update
     - Helen: The constitution needs to be updated, it still talks about the snack store
     - **Isai: That's not okay, we'll vote on it after the meeting**
 - Helen: Officer membership fees
     - Helen: Apparently this isn't in the constitution, but I was pretty sure only elected officers are except from membership fees
     - Isai & Ari: I remember agreeing to that
     - **Helen: That seems like something we should add while we're editing the constitution later**
 - Ringo: Unix class captioning
     - Ringo: I can do them over Thanksgiving, but only if absolutely necessary
     - Isai, Helen: I'll do my part over Thanksgiving break also
     - Isai: We already split it up, people just need to do it. It works out to 2 or 3 minutes per person
     - **Isai: Everyone get it done before December, okay?**
 - ~~Louis: Door status update~~
 - Thomas: SSF Deliberation
     - Thomas: This Friday at 4:30 to 9:00 will be SSF deliberation
     - Thomas: I can be there until 7:00, but then I have something to do
     - Ari: I can also go to the deliberation
     - Ari: Someone needs to be there because they like you to be there, but you don't need to do anything
     - Thomas: It's in Coffman 307.
     - Thomas: Hopefully it'll go fast and we'll be done by 5:00, but probably not
 - Ringo: Thetis help wanted
     - Ringo: We are looking for help again, Ashmita is too busy
     - Michael: I'll do it
     - Ringo: No you won't, you're gonna do CTF
     - **Isai: We can put a specific advertisement for front end developers in the next newsletter**

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ari:
     - [ ] SSF Deliberations
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Set up group photo thing
 - Jack
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Send email to collect ID numbers from current members for door access.
- Louis:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Find out what's the deal with the atrium TVs
 - Michael
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] CS&E Purchase Request
     - [ ] Email CSPurch about LAN party pizzas
- Louis & Thomas:
     - [ ] minnehack.com DNS Renewal
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
### Long Term
 - Jack
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

