+++
title = "2018-08-01"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-08-01

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance

Jack, Nathan, Isai, Ari, Thomas, Cassandra, (Mike and Michael remotely)

## Minutes

 - Budget
   - Helen got a fun notebook at Target
   - We are requesting more for each event
   - CTF budget is roughly $1400
   - Unix class budget is undecided ($700 for food, potentially paying for UNITE)
   - We have money for 2 ThinkTalks at $356 each
   - We currently have $1049 raised for SDC, estimated budget of $1700
   - We have funding for 14 events
   - We are going to ask for funding from SSF for pi's for spring
   - Current budget:
     - $80 mice
     - $600 printer
     - 6 calculators
     - Mac Mini
     - Assorted cables
     - 2 lamps
   - Add to budget:
     - 2 new hard drives
     - $75 4U computer case
     - $100 offsite backups
     - Ethernet nubbins
     - $70 landline phone
     - Systems committee things
     - Standing banner?
     - Branded condoms
     - Stickers
     - Printer paper
     - $30 USB dongles
 - Ringo potentially taking over snack store
 - MinneHack
   - Head of Logistics: Helen
   - Head of Finance: TTang
   - Head of Marketing: Jack
   - Head of Participation: Cassie
 - Drive/GitHub audit
   - We must go through the Drive and GitHub and archive outdated files/remove unnecessary permissions
 - Women in High Performance Computing Chapter
     - We may advertise for the group if it happens.
 - Paid member Discord role
     - Some nonpaid members have the paid member role
     - We gotta update the ACM national membership list
     - Update newsletter
 - Do we need to buy switches or management software?
 - Tech interview resume event

## TODOs

### Short Term

 - [x] All: Everyone bug Louis
 - [ ] All: Start using keybase
 - [ ] Helen: Student group Reregistration mid August
 - [ ] Nathan: MinneHack onesies
 - [ ] TTang: talk to payment people
