+++
title = "2018-12-17 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-12-17
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2018-12-17

Start Time: 7:00 PM
End Time:   7:25 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Michael   (Webmaster; Sleeping)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
 - Cassie, Jack:
     - [x] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Work with Dept to finance Spring LAN Party
### Long Term
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Isai: Advertising events on gopherlink
 - Isai: Alumni lunch

## Minutes
 - Isai: Advertising events on gopherlink
     - Isai: The lightning talks weren't on gopherlink, which may be why attendance was so bad
     - Ari: It also helps to have posters up two weeks in advance.
 - Isai: Alumni lunch
     - Isai: I worked with Gabe to do this, we set up a group on Facebook and invited a bunch of old ACM members
     - Isai: We're having an event were we go get lunch this Friday, fill out the when2meet if you want to come
         - https://www.when2meet.com/?7368925-ExiTb&fbclid=IwAR3AjC-W_70rX8lsXTq8qWVPpz0hEX9IZC4_zFImDUJ9Gld3vg4n6dH88Rg
     - Isai: This is kind of an impromptu event, but I think we should have more later
 - Ringo: CTF2
     - Isai: Once we have a day, we can reserve a room
     - Louis: Pizza needs to get ordered and posters need to get printed
     - Ace: Message me a date and time and I'll reserve a room
     - Consensus: CTF2 2/21, CTF3 4/13
 - Louis:
     - Louis: We should try harder to advertise that we have a mac mini for people to use
     - Ringo: The checkout policy should be that we take their U card as collateral and they have to bring it back once a week
     - Louis: We should talk to a lawyer to make sure that policy holds water
     - Ace: Student conflict resolution center might be the right people to talk to about this
     - Ari: The office of community standards might also be an option
 - MinneHack !!br0ken!!
     - Isai: We've been promised all the money we need for MinneHack
     - Isai: Charlie and Jack are printing out posters over winter break, everyone help hang them up
     - Isai: Class visits start as soon as the spring semester starts
     - Louis: We should also advertise to other clubs
     - Ringo: When do we get the given files?
     - Isai: The prompt will be done by new years, the files will come after that

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put event info in Helen's spreadsheet
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Contact other clubs about MinneHack
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Set up resume access
     - [ ] Set up RSVP system
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Work with Dept to finance Spring LAN Party
### Long Term
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Configure hestia for MinneHack, new router for ACM
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
