+++
title = "2018-07-18"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-07-18

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance

 - President
 - Vice President
 - Sysadmin
 - Community Ambassador

 - Membership
 - Architect
 - Ace
 - Ringo
 - Secretary (via discord)
 - Webmaster (via discord)

## Items

 - MinneHack changes for 2020
   - Would different times work? (ex. fall)
     - This would be to get resumes to companies
     - Would hurt attendance b/c of finals
   - Different locations
     - Have to be green line accessible
	 - No issues besides that
 - Website issues
   - Needs content for events
     - Jack will write copy
   - Needs fomatting changes
 - Blog postings to be renamed newsletters
 - Membership fees
   - Access to the room $5 door fee per semester
     - RFD we don't have many things that are hard to request money for
   - Idea: Must pay the fee and volunteer at two events before voting
     - No
	 - RFD we need more volunteers at metings, but ACM requires all members be able to vote
 - Follow-up for MH
   - Few sponsors need to still be emailed by Helen
   - SPS wants to meet with us next week
     - Potentially occurring friday
 - Trello board
   - Task organization for officers
 - Unix class
   - Opinion: Don't run lectures, because interactive learning is better
     - Discussion is that fully interactive homeworks should be additional to, not instead of lectures
   - Video recording
   	 - CSE-IT is willing to help out with funding for UNITE, dept could help too
	 - They need the curriculum before we get the funding
	 - We would need the raw video to sync it with the terminal screencast
	 	- If we can't get it, ask Ari for their video camera to record
	 - Action items
	   - Nathan need to finish the curriculum
	   - Isai will ask Unite if we can get the raw footage
 - Database hosting
	 - Departmental SQL can't happen right away
	 - We would need to host our own database through AWS
	 - We wouldn't have backups until we got a PCard
	 - We would need to pre-budget time, and re-request every time we ran low.
 - GitHub
   - First option, get form from IRS proving we're a 501c3 to get access back
   - Second option, our faculty advisor needs to email GitHub requesting our access
   	 - Isai will be emailing Shana
 - Constitution
   - Needs to be signed by all 5 officers to finalize our transfer to being a CLP
   - Thomas isn't here to sign, he will need to sign up after
 - Finance/CompSci interdisciplinary effort
   - Go through departments for funding
   - Would be a set of GPUs used for machine learning research into market trends
   - We will need interest from finance students
     - Louis will email friend in the Quantitative Finance club
 - Should we convert acm@umn.edu from a mailing list Google Group to a departmental email account?
 - Shana would like a blurb to give to potential sponsors
   - Jack will write copy
   - Ari will format
 - SDC prompt determined ASAP
   - Brainstorming session 8pm tomorrow discord channel

## TODOs

Systems Committee
 - Figure out backup solution
   - Just write a cronjob in Python?

Ari
 - Format copy for Shana's poster blurb thing

Isai
 - Ask UNITE about Unix Class raw footage
 - Email Shana about GitHub

Jack
 - Write event copy for Website
 - Write copy for Shana's poster blurb thing

Louis
 - Email friend from Quantitative Finance Club

Nathan
 - Finish Unix Class Curriculum
