+++
title = "2018-11-19 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-11-19
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2018-11-19

Start Time: 6:40 PM
End Time:   

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ari:
     - [ ] ~~SSF Deliberations~~
 - Cassie:
     - [x] Set up group photo thing
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Send email to collect ID numbers from current members for door access.
 - Louis:
     - [ ] ~~Put constitution/rules on website~~
     - [x] Find out what's the deal with the atrium TVs
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [x] CS&E Purchase Request
     - [x] Email CSPurch about LAN party pizzas
- Louis & Thomas:
     - [ ] minnehack.com DNS Renewal
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] ~~Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack~~
 - Michael:
     - [ ] ~~Update website theme to be compliant with department standard~~
### Long Term
 - Jack
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Isai: Intro to CSCI major
     - Helen: Website page and event
 - Isai: Board games
 - Isai: Event attendance
 - Isai: Think Talk with students
 - Isai: MinneRSO
 - Ari: Buy gaff tape

## Minutes
 - Isai: Intro to CSCI major
     - Helen: Website page and event
     - Isai: Helen came up with an event where, at the beginning of the semester, we would have upperclassmen tell freshman what classes to take and which professors are good and stuff like that
     - Isai: I think this could replace one of the Think Talks next semester
     - Isai: We don't have SSF money for this because we already sent in the request but the department might fund it
     - Ari: We could potentially market this as an academic think talk
     - Ari: This should definitely happen before class registration in the Spring
 - Isai: Board games
     - Isai: We have all these board game nobody plays taking up space in the cabinet
     - Isai: I think we could either donate them or auction them off and give it to charity or something
     - Ari: There also might be other clubs that want them (board games club)
     - **consensus: who cares**
 - Isai: Event attendance
     - Isai: We've had some think talks with less than stellar attendance this semester
     - Isai: I think events held in Keller are way better attended than event in any other building
     - Ari: The last one wasn't that poorly attended, it was just a very big room
     - Isai: Helen reserved a room every Tuesday and Thursday in Keller so we don't have this problem again
     - Isai: Also in the future events should be at 6:00 PM; 7:00 is too late
 - Isai: Think Talk with students
     - Isai: idr what this was about
 - Isai: MinneRSO
     - Isai: We talked about this at the MinneHack meeting
     - Isai: The consensus seemed to be that we should just work with the department ahead of time instead of trying to run two groups
     - Louis: ACM has a good thing going, part of which is the ability to make purchases at short notice
     - Louis: It would be a mistake to compromise on the ability to do things like that, and it would be hard to go back on the decision once we make it
     - Ari: The department wants us to succeed and for MinneHack to continue to be a good event, we just need to work within what they can allow us to do
 - Ari: Buy gaff tape
     - **Two weeks from now, Louis will have a list of systems stuff that needs to be bought for MinneHack**
     - including gaff tape, probably
     - Louis: Can we get like 5 stacking totes?
     - Ari: Tell Helen to find space in the budget

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Send email to collect ID numbers from current members for door access.
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put together a list of stuff to buy for MinneHack (RAID drives, new router drives, new router sleds)
     - [ ] Work with Thomas to buy printer
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
- Louis & Thomas:
     - [ ] minnehack.com DNS Renewal
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Long Term
 - Jack
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
