+++
title = "2018-10-22 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-10-22
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

# 2018-10-22

Start Time: 7:42 PM
End Time:   8:52 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ace       (Project Manager)
 - Ari       (The Architect)
 - Lukas     (Financial Committee)
 - Charlie V :smile: 

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Clean the small fridge
 - Ashmita:
     - [x] Get information to Mike about ACM-W events
 - Helen:
     - [x] Acquire Bleach
     - [x] Respond to emails from Kate
     - [ ] Get people to upload resumes
     - [ ] Reserve the new room for meetings
 - Jack:
     - [x] Email Cargill (or delegate)
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [x] Make new registrants get redirected to resume upload
     - [x] ~~Censor~~ filter systems meeting minutes
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Take information about snack store out of rules
     - [ ] Put interest survey in next newsletter
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [x] Meet with sue about {budget, printer}
     - [ ] ~~Fully update budget for meeting with Sue~~
### Medium Term
 - Ari:
     - [ ] Make spec for email signature
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Louis:
     - [x] Meet with Thomas about budget for ML machine & 2080
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update the ledger
     - [ ] Add p-card process to drive
     - [ ] Email Cargill
     - [ ] Make folder for receipts
     - [x] Meet with Louis about budget for ML machine & 2080
     - [ ] Update budget for meeting with Sue
 - Louis, Ari, Thomas:
     - [ ] Meet with Mark Rapacz about website branding
 - Louis and Helen:
     - [ ] Interest group survey, mirroring ACM National SIG format
### Long Term
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Nathan: MinneHack server emoji ban
 - Helen: Update MinneHack site
 - Helen: Figure out how to get rid of the weird bugs in acm
 - Helen: Room cleanup tasks
 - Isai: Committee meeting times posted on website
 - Isai: Buying stuff for the room (coffee/sugar/etc)
 - Isai: MinneHack sponsorship
 - Isai: Talk to Mark Rapacz about our designs for the condoms and stickers (must be done before we purchase)
 - Helen: Chore wheel
 - Isai: roMuLus is a go
 - Michael: nci
 - Helen: Bed bug infestation
 - Isai: Get. The. Twinkie. Out. From under the floor panels
 - Isai: Room cleanliness
 - Helen: Beanbags
 - Helen: Little fridge
 - Ari: ACM-W Hack Night
 - Isai: No more food on shelf
 - Isai: Rearranging hardware lab
 - Ari: Tell people to vote after SDC next week

## Minutes
 - Isai: Room cleanliness
     - Isai: Helen made a "chore wheel" but she's not here to talk about it
     - Isai: It's not actually a chore wheel but it has a lot of tasks that need to be done
     - Isai: I talked to Alison and she's too busy to be Scrum Mistress this semester, Ace volunteered for the position.
     - **Consensus: OK, Ace appointed Project Manager**
     - Ace: I will take the small fridge into the lawn and soak it in bleach
     - Louis can also put in an effort to keep the room clean until next Monday
 - Nathan: MinneHack server emoji ban
     - Nathan thinks that participants should be able to react to messages with emojis in the MinneHack discord
     - Helen thinks that it's too big of an avenue for abuse
     - Michael: Just turn off reacts in the announcements channel, leave them on in other channels
     - Ari/Ace: It reflects poorly on us in sponsor's eyes if people are acting like a twitch chat all over the place
     - Louis: Maybe have a separate cesspool server for people to act unprofessionally in a place where sponsors can't see it/we're no responsible
     - Michael: If the sponsors look in any unprofessional channels, that's their fault, we shouldn't be responsible
     - **Conclusion: Have some channels in which participants aren't beholden to sponsors**
 - Helen: Update MinneHack site
     - Isai: Is Boston Scientific added to the sponsors section?
     - Michael: Send it to me, I'll do it right now.
     - Michael: Cargill has a blurb, should every sponsor have a blurb?
     - Isai: No, that's a platinum level perk
     - Michael: I can separate the formatting so that it doesn't give the wrong impression to other potential sponsors
 - Jobs from Thomas
     - Thomas: we have to have a form that's student group information for SSF
         - Isai is the other budget preparer, he can take care of it
     - Louis: Let other people (Lukas?) into the Financial Committee so they can help
         - Isai: Only 5 people can have access to the SSF Folder
     - Thomas: Isai and Louis need to buy things with the p-card
 - Isai: Subcommittee organization
     - Most committees have 2-tier organizational scheme, upper tier gets access to sensitive info
     - Isai: There's some information committees have that shouldn't be available to other committees
     - Isai: Official email should get sent by the head of each committee
     - Isai: We should trim down who has access to our drive, last time I checked it was around 30
     - Ace: Everything besides the SSF folder should be in the Team Drive (as _opposed_ to shared folder) that we have but aren't using
     - Michael: We agreed in the Systems meeting that spreadsheets should stay in Drive and everything else should go in Keybase
     - Louis: Summary of storage options:
         - Keybase: Nice because cryptographically verifiable, easy to use without Drive, nice for non-text storage, bad for concurrent editing
         - Drive Folder: Hard to manage removal of permissions, Easy to share
         - Team Drive: Easy to manage permissions at a organizational level, but can't share folders to people that want to help but we don't want to give access to everything
     - **Isai: We should debate pros and cons of different drives at a separate working meeting**
     - Isai: We should schedule that meeting at the end of this meeting
 - Helen: Figure out how to get rid of the weird bugs in acm
     - Story so far: Exterminator called, they said not bed bugs, traps set. Conclusive answer will be available in a couple days
 - Isai: Committee meeting times posted on website
     - Isai: Jack will be having the PR committee meeting before the MinneHack meetings on Saturdays
     - Isai: jack will get those meeting times to Michael to but them on the website
     - Michael: I may also redo the website to match the university's standard
 - Isai: Buying stuff for the room (coffee/sugar/etc)
     - Isai: The purchases have been approved, Louis and Isai are going to take out the Pcard and make all those purchases some time next week
     - Isai: We'll have the stickers and condoms designed/staged so that we can just put in the card info and go
     - Louis: I also need to talk to Thomas about getting money for a 2080
     - Isai: Answer was that there isn't a separate pool of money for that. Louis: OK
 - Isai: MinneHack sponsorship
     - Isai: We met with Sue about the credit card string field in the form for sponsors - response was that this isn't really a necessary field
     - Isai: Essentially we just need to send the firm to sponsors and then get it to 
     - Isai: Rachelle should be looped in earlier in the future because she has a lot of connections
     - Ace: Should we get help from a "sponsorship-gathering organization"
     - Isai: That's sketch. Ace: Agree
 - Officer Continuity
     - Isai: Jack and I have talked about a short shadowing period next semester once new officers have been chosen, especially for the financial committee
     - Michael: Ashmita is the only rolling continuity for the systems committee rn
     - Isai: The other committees could follow the systems committee's example in terms of getting people involved in projects so they have experience
     - Louis: We should get jobs for Lukas that can be done without needing back-and-forth with Thomas
     - Ace: A simple financial job I have for example is looking over the ledger for last year and adding in receipts
     - Isai: Thomas and I are discussion best practices for handling receipts. We need to have some way of having a digital copy in the drive
     - Ari: We should request an itemized ledger from the dept every two weeks and link these to our receipts and other info. SSF would like this
     - **Consensus: Thomas requests a purchase ledger every two weeks and we link these to receipts in the drive**
     - Ace: I will set up a structure to do this in drive
 - Isai: Louis, Isai, Ari, Michael talk to Mark Rapacz about our designs for condoms, stickers (must be done before we purchase), website
     - Isai: Condom design has been approved
     - Website, branding meeting with Mark still needs to happen
     - Isai: Someone from the PR committee needs to be at this meeting. Jack? Can you schedule it?
     - **Consensus: Jack, Ari, Michael need to meet with Mark about branding. Jack will schedule**
 - Helen: Chore wheel
     - See above
 - Isai: roMuLus is a go.
     - Isai: We need a budget for that, we have a budget from the department of about 700 dollars
     - Louis: The consensus from the Systems meeting was to take that money and just build the beefiest possible machine capable of housing as many GPUs as possible. Will steal 1080 from battlestation and replace it with a 750.
     - Isai: I definitely like that people can use it for VR as long as we can switch it back and forth safely
     - Isai: Would it be possible to set up a distributed computing system in the closet?
     - Louis: Consensus from the systems committee meeting was a package called HTCondor. We'd make this available to members
     - Isai: We should advertise this
     - **Consensus: Build as nice a box as possible w/o buying another GPU, use 1080 from battlestation and swap back in occasionally for "VR Night"**
 - Helen: Bed bug infestation
     - Already covered
 - Isai: Get. The. Twinkie. Out. From under the floor panels
     - It's gone
     - Important scientific result: There's no difference between a wrapped and unwrapped Twinkie after being under the floor in ACM for 4 months, other than one dried out. Follow-up question for possible grant-funded research: What is the liquid in Twinkies that dries out of them?
 - Helen: Beanbags
     - Isai: They are so gross, we need to get rid of or at least replace them
     - Mike: I think if we get rid of the old nasty ones we should replace them, not just get rid of them
     - Ace: agrees with me
     - Helen (remotely): We only need 1 beanbag (I think we should get rid of them both and get a new one they're gross) Louis->Helen they're like $100+ for a beanbag - if we get rid of them we may never get new ones Helen-> death to the beanbags
     - Louis: I think we should keep them until we literally see that they're full of spiders, they're not really that gross
     - Ace: Could we store the love sacs somewhere out of the way until someone is actually using them?
     - **Consensus: Continue making space by the battlestation into a workspace, hide the beanbag by the vacuum for a test run**
 - Helen: Little fridge
     - Isai: Ace is cleaning it, but if it dies it dies
     - Ace: If we decide to get rid of it, we have to recycle it because it has freon in it
     - Louis: For bean bags, fridge, etc we should not throw them out until we're absolutely sure we don't want them and never will because it will be hard to buy such things again
 - Ari: ACM-W Hack Night
     - Ashmita: We have a topic, we have our own poster. I'll get it to ACM
     - Isai: We'll help advertise
 - Isai: No more food on shelf
     - **STOP DOING IT YOU BASTARDS**
     - Helen (remotely): please keep things clean :smile: 
 - Isai: Rearranging hardware lab
     - Discussed earlier. We'll continue to experiment.
 - Ari: Tell people to vote after SDC next week
     - Louis: Yes, lets do this
 - Michael: CTF
     - Louis: It's in three weeks my man
     - Louis: NEED TO DO: Advertising
     - Helen: Helen->pizza order (Helen->SSF funded Louis->are you sure? we don't think so, because it got come up with over the summer) Helen->(i was mistaken but there's stuff abt it in my planning spreadsheet)
     - Room has been reserved
     - Isai: Worst case is use this pizza money
     - **Consensus: Ace has to starve**
 - Louis: Round up to $5k
     - Louis: Can we request money from the CSE budget for {drive sleds, drives, Hestia RAID, CTF pizza, dongles}? Mats had said round up to $5k. Maybe try to get money from sponsors somewhere?

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Take small fridge up and clean with bleach
     - [ ] Approach Lukas regarding receipts
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Get people to upload resumes
     - [ ] Reserve the new room for meetings
 - Jack
     - [ ] Get meeting time info to Michael
     - [ ] Set up meeting with Mark
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Keep an eye our for keeping the room clean
      - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
 - Michael
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
     - [ ] Make CTF poster and send to Ari and Jack, put up
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Take information about snack store out of rules
     - [ ] Put interest survey in next newsletter
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Isai and Thomas:
     - [ ] Try to apply for extra $300 from dept budget
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Set up a pending receipts system in the Drive
 - Ari:
     - [ ] Make spec for email signature
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update the ledger
     - [ ] Add p-card process to drive
     - [ ] Email Cargill
     - [ ] Make folder for receipts
     - [ ] Update budget for meeting with Sue
 - Louis and Helen:
     - [ ] Interest group survey, mirroring ACM National SIG format
 - Louis and Isai:
     - [ ] Buy stuff with the P-Card
     - [ ] Look at room space reorganization options
### Long Term
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

