+++
title = "2018-08-29"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-08-29

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Nathan    (Ringo)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ari:
   - [x] Design shirts for SDC
 - Cassie:
   - [x] SUA Re-registration
 - Helen:
   - [x] MinneHack privacy policy
   - [x] Talk to UMN lawyers about MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Look over Ari's copy of MinneHack registration email
   - [x] Reserve room for Resume and Tech Prep
   - [ ] Make event flyer
   - [ ] Update pizza budget to include price of 2 liters
   - [x] Fix cork board
 - Isai:
   - [x] Reserve room for CTF
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Talk to Mats/Sue about department budget
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

## Topics for Discussion
 - New microwave
 - At end of meeting call on each committee to share what they are up to
 - Logging: custom or papertrail?
 - Send info on upcoming events to department newsletter people
 - Sara Carvell email re SSF stuff
 - Beginning of semester newsletter
 - Fall meeting times
 - Sponsorship outlines for SDC and CTF
 - Logstash/papertrail/self-hosted equivalent
 - CSE mingle
 - Finalize 9/12 event and start postering/e-postering
 - Pizza permit
 - Resume and technical prep event
 - Talk to other companies about resume event
 - Welcome week activity fair snacks
 - Technical details of resume upload
 - Update events on website
 - Polaris think talk
 - MinneHack minors
 - CodeDay
 - Welcome week activity fair events

## Minutes
 - New microwave
   - The current microwave smells bad
   - Cassie has volunteered to clean it
 - At end of meeting call on each committee to share what they are up to
 - Logging: custom or papertrail?
   - There is currently no central place to check logs for all services
   - Ringo will get a price on how much a logging service would cost and we can include it in next year's ssf request
 - Send info on upcoming events to department newsletter people
   - Helen can send that information to Kevin Allen
 - Sara Carvell email re SSF stuff
   - Thomas, Helen, and Isai will go to the budget event Sara emailed us about
 - Beginning of semester newsletter
   - Mike will do that by the end of the week and send it out on Monday
 - Fall meeting times
   - Several officers still need to put their availability in the spreadsheet
 - Sponsorship outlines for SDC and CTF
   - Ari already made event outlines, Helen is working on the SDC outline
   - For both events we probably only want one sponsor each
   - Michael will contact Veritas about sponsoring the CTF
 - CSE mingle
   - September 25 and 26, 5:00 to 6:00 both days
   - We need some officers to sign up for both days
   - Z link is in brass class
 - Finalize 9/12 event and start postering/e-postering
   - The start time, end time, and location have already been finalized
   - Ace got us a pizza permit last time, Jack will contact them about doing it again
 - Louis changed all of our passwords
   - The new ones are in keybase
 - Talk to other companies about resume event
   - Jack will reach out to companies that have expressed an interest in sponsoring MinneHack about sponsoring the resume event
 - Welcome week activity fair snacks
   - Isai is getting those tomorrow
 - Technical details of resume upload
   - Should we allow people to update their resume after they submit?
   - We've been telling sponsors that they'll get the resumes as soon as we get their money
   - A simple file upload box should be fine
 - Update events on website
   - Isai updated some of the events already
 - Polaris think talk
   - They had a couple of people lined up to do a think talk
 - MinneHack minors
   - Dealing with minors wrt MinneHack sign up
   - Should we have a separate line for minors?
   - We need a form that minors/their guardians can sign and bring to the event
 - CodeDay
   - CodeDay is happening at some point and it would be cool if acm could provide mentors or switches
   - Louis knows the guy who is in charge and he should be happy to have a strategic partner
   - It's something you can do as a college student but it's mostly high schoolers
   - If we get discount codes we can put that in the newsletter
 - Systems committee recruiting
   - That will go in the newsletter
 - Louis is emailing someone to fix the outlet he broke

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
   - [ ] Clean microwave or bring in new one
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Look over Ari's copy of MinneHack registration email
   - [ ] Make event flyer
   - [ ] Update pizza budget to include price of 2 liters
   - [ ] Send information on upcoming events to Kevin Allen
 - Isai:
   - [ ] Pick up candy for event tomorrow
 - Jack:
   - [ ] Talk to Ace about pizza permit
   - [ ] Contact resume event sponsors
 - Mike:
   - [ ] Send out newsletter
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] MinneHack registration backend testing
   - [ ] New mailing stuff
   - [ ] Unix classes
   - [ ] Migrate memberlist away from google drive
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Talk to Mats/Sue about department budget
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

