+++
title = "2018-10-29 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-10-29
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2018-10-29

Start Time: 7:30 PM
End Time:   8:15 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ari       (The Architect)
 - Kairi     (God-Emperor)
 - Lukas     (Financial Interest Group)
 - Ashmita   (Systems Committee)
 - Ringo     (Systems Committee)
 - Charlie   (Purple Crayon)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Take small fridge up and clean with bleach
     - [x] Approach Lukas regarding receipts
 - Helen:
     - [x] Get people to upload resumes
     - [ ] ~~Reserve the new room for meetings~~
 - Jack
     - [x] Get meeting time info to Michael
     - [ ] Set up meeting with Mark
 - Louis:
     - [x] Keep an eye our for keeping the room clean
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
 - Michael
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
     - [ ] ~~Make CTF poster and send to Ari and Jack, put up~~
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Take information about snack store out of rules
     - [ ] ~~Put interest survey in next newsletter~~
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Isai and Thomas:
     - [ ] ~~Try to apply for extra $300 from dept budget~~
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] ~~Set up a pending receipts system in the Drive~~
 - Ari:
     - [ ] ~~Make spec for email signature~~
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [x] Update the ledger
     - [x] Add p-card process to drive
     - [x] Email Cargill
     - [x] Make folder for receipts
     - [x] Update budget for meeting with Sue
 - Louis and Helen:
     - [ ] ~~Interest group survey, mirroring ACM National SIG format~~
 - Louis and Isai:
     - [ ] Buy stuff with the P-Card
     - [x] Look at room space reorg options
### Long Term
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Isai: MinneHack SSF funding
 - Isai: Purchase requests - printer, Romulus, coffee supplies
 - Nathan: Clubby playing sound; cable appears not to reach? Can we put Clubby up on the table?
     - Isai: Cable was plugged in when we moved it?
     - Louis: Cable should reach the front of Clubby, which is where it should get plugged in, no?
     - Nathan: It barely didn't reach when I tried it, but I didn't yank on it or anything
 - Helen: Post SDC discussion - how it went, how it could be improved, etc

## Minutes
 - Isai: MinneHack SSF funding
     - Isai: We submitted SSF request this weekend.
     - **Thomas and Isai are going in at one on Saturday for the SSF presentation**
     - Request has been put in. We requested money for: MinneHack, CTFs 2 & 3.
     - Ari: You need to make a PowerPoint
     - Helen: Has it been scheduled?
     - Thomas: No, not yet. Will do tomorrow
 - Isai: Purchase requests - printer, Romulus, coffee supplies
     - Isai: Systems committee has a printer we can purchase, is it the black and white one?
     - Louis: Anna knows things about printers and volunteered to look into which one we should get within the next week.
     - Isai: I was hoping we could get the request in tomorrow to purchase while we have the Pcard this weekend.
     - Louis: Ringo and I can get the roMuLus parts list finalized by this weekend.
     - Thomas: We also received an email says that non-epurch purchase requests will not be accepted starting soon. Be mindful that after that point purchases will have to go through finance people
 - Nathan: Clubby playing sound; cable appears not to reach? Can we put Clubby up on the table?
     - Isai: Cable was plugged in when we moved it?
     - Louis: Cable should reach the front of Clubby, which is where it should get plugged in, no?
     - Nathan: It barely didn't reach when I tried it, but I didn't yank on it or anything
     - Isai: This weekend some members and I moved things around, are there any complaints?
     - Everyone: We like it
     - Isai: Hopefully on Wednesday the exterminator will come back and tell us the status of the infestation, preliminary result is no bugs c:
     - Ari: If it's not bedbugs then what is it?
     - Isai: Exterminator said that not really possible to tell post-hoc what bit you, so barring evidence from the exterminator when she comes back in a couple days were going to assume it's not bedbugs
 - Thomas: SDC Prize had not been approved from SSF pool
     - Thomas has emailed her, will figure it out
 - Helen: Post SDC discussion - how it went, how it could be improved, etc
     - Isai: I feel like, for SDC and in general, we should focus on quality over quantity because we have so many events going on.
     - Ari and Louis: We don't have any more events going on than usual, we're just bad.
     - Kairi: ACM is a lot to handle while you're in college and 
     - Helen: We're sending out an email to all the SDC competitors about what they think went well and what needs to be improved
     - Louis: I feel like we should acknowledge in the email about some of the faults wrt how rushed SDC preparation was
     - Louis: We should get things like the rubrics and prompt ready in advance and host it on sdc.acm.umn.edu
     - set this up so that we have changesets we post during day 1, 2, 3 etc. so that people can find the resources online
     - Ringo: for all events smaller, there should be a committee responsible for organizing the event with clear delegation of who is doing what
 - CTF
     - Isai: What is happening w/r/t CTF?
     - Michael: I'm putting _finishing touches_ on the platform. We need to print out posters.
     - Ashmita: I can recruit some ACM-W people to help hang posters
     - Classes to advertise to:
         - INET 4007: 6PM - 9PM Tuesdays
         - INET 4153: 6PM - 9PM Thursdays
         - CSCI 2021
     - Isai: Should we cancel this semester's CTF and just do it right next semester?
     - Ari: What stops next semester's CTF from also getting 
     - Louis: We should just move it back, not cancel it
     - **New CTF date is 11/29. Michael will remain in Oh Shit mode and get it organized**
     - Michael and Adam will advertise to classes tomorrow.
     - Louis & Ashmita will advertise to their 2021 sections. Ringo to 4061, Michael to his crypto class
     - Isai: I will re-reserve the room
     - Ari: Are the current posters effective?
     - Louis: The thought was to create a poster that was disarmingly simple.
     - Nathan: The people who will want to do this are a self selecting group
     - Louis: That is true to a certain extent but we still need to advertise so that 1) people know about it at all 2) new people can find out about it. \Kairi: Agree
     - Michael: How do I print the posters \\ print out 50 copies
     - Helen: quartersheets are bad idea because nobody actually looks at them.
     - Isai: So on Wednesday we will have printed posters in ACM
 - Helen: The machine shop project
     - Helen: The guy who emailed us about the machine shop project wasn't communicating what he actually meant
     - Helen: What is actually happening is that he is working on improving the machine shop that is available for all students to use in MechE. He wants computer science people to help him with creating a database to store information about where a student is at with their project, what safety protocol they've gone through, etc.
     - **Helen: I told him we would advertise this project in the Discord.**
 - Helen: IQeats Advertising
     - They left some stuff on our table and cork board, so Helen recycled them
     - Helen: They are a business, should we let them promote?
     - Kairi: We have in the past, but only if it benefits out members.
     - **The IQeats people are just telling people to use their platform, so we shouldn't advertise for them**
     - Louis: Eric should become a paid member so that he would have the same privileges as other ACM members
 - Back to events:
     - Isai: The events organizing is primarily the Community Ambassador and Webmaster's job, but other people should be helping out
     - Ari: If the community ambassador (or any officer) needs help, they need to ask for help
     - Isai: Committees that need help right now are Thomas's committee, Jack's committee
     - Isai: When we're advertising for events, everyone can help out a little bit, it's not just one person's job
     - Kairi: Keep in mind that we can advertise on the TVs in the atrium
     - Louis: Last LAN party, the woman in charge of the TVs said we could broadcast on them if we ask in advance
     - Isai: We approached UMN Esports about becoming a permanent part of the LAN party in the future, because they've taken the lead on organizing the tournaments and just been very helpful

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Take small fridge up and clean with bleach
 - Ashmita:
     - [ ] Make a CTF poster
 - Jack
     - [ ] Set up meeting with Mark
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Find out what's the deal with the atrium TVs
 - Michael
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Take information about snack store out of rules
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Schedule SSF Presentation
     - [ ] Give SSF Presentation
     - [ ] CS&E Purchase Request
 - Louis and Isai:
     - [ ] Buy stuff with the P-Card
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Lukas
     - [ ] Set up a pending receipts system in the Drive
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Louis and Helen:
     - [ ] Interest group survey, mirroring ACM National SIG format
### Long Term
 - Jack
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC bible and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

