+++
title = "2018-11-05 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-11-05
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2018-11-05

Start Time: 6:00 PM
End Time:   6:30 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
     - [x] Take small fridge up and clean with bleach
 - Ashmita:
     - [X] Make a CTF poster
 - Jack
     - [x] Set up meeting with Mark
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Find out what's the deal with the atrium TVs
 - Michael
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Take information about snack store out of rules
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [x] Schedule SSF Presentation
     - [ ] ~~Give SSF Presentation~~
     - [ ] CS&E Purchase Request
 - Louis and Isai:
     - [x] Buy stuff with the P-Card
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Lukas
     - [X] Set up a pending receipts system in the Drive
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Louis and Helen:
     - [ ] Interest group survey, mirroring ACM National SIG format
### Long Term
 - Jack
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ari: MLH
 - Jack: Regular fridge cleaning (throwing out old food)
 - Ringo: Buy graph paper
 - Isai: ACM group photo with props
 - Ari: Meeting with Mark
 - Ringo: if last week's "adds meeting minutes" PR isn't merged when the next meeting starts, make the systems committee people fix that shit
 - Louis: minnehack.com dns renewal
 - Jack: MinneHack press kit
 - Isai: Wiki updating
 - Lukas: Receipt record keeping
 - Ari: Email from Tavolo

## Minutes
 - Jack: Mark
     - As a matter of record, Mark will advertise events and print stuff for us
 - Ari: MLH
     - Isai: Jack is reaching out to them, they sent us a "what to do next thing"
     - Jack: We have a few more things to do but that's it. I'll talk to Louis and Michael about it.
 - Jack: Regular fridge cleaning (throwing out old food)
     - Jack: Ok so basically we should start enforcing the "write the date on ur food" rule, because there was a moldy sandwich in the fridge for like three weeks
     - Isai: Also, everything in the fridge should be in a container
 - Ringo: Buy graph paper
     - (Nobody here knows why Ringo wants graph paper)
     - Ringo says we need graph paper as a general amenity, like forks.
     - **Helen: We don't need graph paper, you can print graph paper using the printer**
     - Everyone agrees, decided not to purchase graph paper
 - Isai: ACM group photo with props
     - Helen is anti, Isai and Jack are pro
     - Isai: Arranging this is a job for membership, possibly?
 - Ari: Meeting with Mark
     - Jack: It went well, Mark is willing to help us with anything advertising related
     - Jack: He can print stuff, put things on the atrium TV's, retweet our tweets, put stuff on the department homepage
     - Isai: We should tweet about CTF, Epic think talk, and LAN party and have Mark retweet us
 - Ringo: if last week's "adds meeting minutes" PR isn't merged when the next meeting starts, make the systems committee people fix that shit
     - Mike: Last week's minutes and newsletter weren't on the website for 9 days because the pull request didn't get reviewed
     - Mike: So in the future we should make sure to hold the systems committee accountable for reviewing in a timely manner if we're gonna keep having to go through PR's to get things on the website
 - Louis: minnehack.com dns renewal
     - Isai: We got an email about that, we need to figure out how to pay for the renewal under the new purchasing rules
     - **Isai: I'll email Louis and put it as a TODO for him**
 - Jack: MinneHack press kit
     - Jack: This might be a medium term/next year thing, but we should have something to send to news outlets for advertising MinneHack
     - **Jack: I'll start working on this or delegating it to someone**
 - Isai: Wiki updating
     - Isai: For Jack, Thomas, and myself especially, anything new that isn't in the wiki needs to get added as we go along
 - Lukas: Receipt record keeping
     - Helen: Lukas said to check the doc before you add receipts to the drive, there's a README in there
     - Isai: It looks really good, I put some stuff in there over the weekend
 - Ari: Email from Tavolo
     - Helen: That's the email about advertising for this startup who said they would give people "equity, or a small salary"
     - Helen: I don't think we should advertise for them, because we have a policy of valuing our members' time and labor

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Set up group photo thing
 - Jack
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Find out what's the deal with the atrium TVs
 - Michael
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Take information about snack store out of rules
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] CS&E Purchase Request
- Louis & Thomas:
     - [ ] minnehack.com DNS Renewal
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Louis and Helen:
     - [ ] Interest group survey, mirroring ACM National SIG format
### Long Term
 - Jack
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

