+++  
title = "2019-08-05 Officer Meeting"  
template = "post.html"  
date = 2019-08-05  
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]  
+++  
# 2019-08-05

Start Time: 18:37  
End Time:   19:29  

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice-President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- Christian  (Former Community Ambassador)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] delete paypal
  - [x] newsletter email on thursday (with job opportunity, ctf writeup) (mailchimp)
  - [ ] look for mlh accreddited
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think talks
  - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
- Helen:
  - [x] Change Discord role permissions so that unpaid members can see everything but Fun and Admin
  - [x] Clean up Discord Channels
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [x] Update Shana as ACM National Advisor
  - [ ] send minnehack prospectus to ameriprise (asap)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] finish CTF Write Ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords (asap)
  - [ ] find bins for organization for HW lab <$100
- Mike:
  - [ ] Room registration for MH2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of aug)
  - [x] Order couch
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] shirt for SDC
- Helen:
  - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility
- Louis:
  - [ ] 10Gb project

## Suggestions
- None

## Topics for Discussion 
- Louis: Fridge
- Helen: Find sponsors at CSE Career Fair
- Helen: Root access to ACM machines
- Helen: ACM National 2019 report
- Helen: Meeting minutes on website
- Helen: Welcome Week
- Helen: Flyers for Welcome Week
- Helen: Welcome Week tabling
- Helen: ACM Overleaf account?
- Helen: Twitter
- Helen: SDC
- Helen: Event posters
- Helen: Changing phone numbers tied to accounts after officers leave office
- Helen: Welcome Week event volunteers

## Minutes
- ~~Louis: Fridge~~
- Helen: Find sponsors at CSE Career Fair
    - Helen: This is something officers and minnehack people need to do. We need a specific plan for this. 
- ~~Helen: Root access to ACM machines~~
- Helen: ACM National 2019 report
    - Helen: We need to submit this by the end of august or we will be on probation as a chapter.
    - Nathan: What needs to be done for that?
    - Helen: We need information about what is in our bank account, mostly. 
    - Nathan: So I can get that information on that when I meet with Sue
    - Helen: I can update the events if you handle the budget part.
- Helen: Meeting minutes on website
    - Helen: This should happen closer to the end of each meeting
    - Nathan: When does this currently happen.
    - Mike: It happens when Louis gets around to accepting the pull request
    - Helen: See, that's bad
    - Mike: The last pull request was for the meeting from the 29th. Shouldn't there be one between that and the 16th?
    - Helen: Louis needs to be approving pull requests more frequently. Or at least reviewing them.
- Helen: Welcome Week
    - Helen: Welcome week is coming up, and we need a plan for the CSE day thing.
    - Mike: What part of that do we need?
    - Helen: We need to make flyers, set up a table, and staff the table.
    - Nathan: What day/time is it?
    - Helen: August 29th, setup at 12:30, present from 1-4. Ben does not recommend flyers but I disagree and think we should hand them out.
- Helen: Flyers for Welcome Week
    - Helen: We need someone to design the flyers. 
    - Helen: Charlie is able to do it! He has some experience with graphic design.
    - Helen: And I'll give him the information about the events he needs.
- Helen: Welcome Week tabling
    - Helen: We do need people to actually commit to this.
    - Helen: Nathan are you able to?
    - Nathan: I can handle that.
    - Mike: I can as well.
    - Helen: Make sure you put on sunscreen please. Reapply every 2 hours thanks.
    - Helen: Also ideally we would have at least one woman, but I'm out of town, so we should find someone else who is able to be there.
- Helen: ACM Overleaf account?
    - Helen: Overleaf is the LaTeX online editor, I do not remember why I put this here. 
    - Helen: I think at one point I thought we needed one but I do not remember why.
    - Helen: We probably don't need this, lets move on.
- Helen: Twitter
    - Helen: We should be using our twitter more. We are currently not using it, except when I post on it.
    - Helen: Whose job is this.
    - Nathan: Theres a role for this...
    - Mike: Charlie. 
    - Helen: I guess then technically this is Cassie's job.
    - Helen: Should we set up official ACM twitter guidelines?
    - Nathan: I think yes.
    - Helen: So should we talk about this now?
    - Helen: The answer is yes. So, no memes. 
    - Helen: Only retweet things that have to do with our chapter of ACM.
    - Mike: Yes to both.
    - Helen: And post about upcoming events.
    - Helen: Or stuff happening in the room like "hey carpet cleaning we are closed"
    - Helen: Oh, or volunteer opportunities. 
    - Helen: Oh, also when we're at events.
    - Helen: And these are the only acceptable things to tweet about.
- Helen: SDC
    - Helen: Target is excited about it, and their security team might want to talk with us about it.
    - Helen: But I haven't heard more from the person I spoke to about this. 
    - Helen: If we don't hear from target by the end of summer, then we are picking the prompt ourselves
- Helen: Event posters
    - Helen: We also need event posters designed! 
    - Helen: We cannot use ms paint. Or LaTeX. 
    - Christian: Inkscape is good.
    - Christian: I am able to design the posters and want to.
    - Christian: I need the blurb, dates to put on the poster, logos of sponsors, and dates you need it by. And I need at least a weeks notice. 
    - Helen: I will get that information to you. 
- Helen: Changing phone numbers tied to accounts after officers leave office
    - Helen: THIS NEEDS TO HAPPEN.
    - Mike: Do we not have a Google voice account we can use to avoid this problem in the future?
    - Helen: I don't know, can you look into it?
    - Mike: Sure
    - Helen: We should have a google voice account so we can avoid doing this, yeah.
    - Helen: But then we'll need to change all the phone numbers currently in use to that after it's set up.
- Helen: Welcome Week event volunteers
    - Helen: We already discussed this.
    - Helen: I'll post about looking for volunteers in the discord.

## TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal
  - [ ] Look for MLH accredditation requirements
  - [ ] Design flyers for Welcome Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
- Helen:
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Send MinneHack prospectus to Ameriprise (ASAP)
  - [ ] Give Charlie information about Welcome Week flyers
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Figure out issue with MH 2021 Room Registration
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords (ASAP)
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
- Mike:
  - [ ] Room registration for MinneHack 2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
  - [ ] Look into Google voice (do we have one + can we use it for our accounts)
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Meet with Sue
  - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of August)
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [ ] Finish ACM National report
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Helen:
  - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility
- Louis:
  - [ ] 10Gb project