+++
title = "2019-09-02 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-09-02
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-09-02

Start Time: 18:33  
End Time:   19:42  

## Attendance
- Helen     (President)
- Mike      (Vice President)
- Nathan    (Treasurer)
- Louis     (Sys-Admin)
- Ashmita   (Webmaster)
- Charles   (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [x] Design flyers for Welcome Week
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
  - [ ] Apply for MLH accrediations
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
  - [ ] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Look over MinneHack website
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [ ] Ask Shana about purchase requesting process
  - [ ] Register student group
  - [ ] Email Kirsten about sponsorship meeting
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
  - [ ] Contact reuse about fridge
  - [ ] Contact department about unix classes
  - [ ] Adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
  - [ ] Email Postman (and tell them to stop)
  - [ ] Email Mathnasium and tell them to talk to the math club (and to stop emailing)
- Mike:
  - [ ] Get rid of old couch (reuse or dumpster)
  - [ ] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [ ] Learn SSF process
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [x] Finish ACM National report
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)

## Suggestions
None

## Topics for Discussion 
### Last Week Topics (postponed):
- Nathan: Meeting with Kristen
- Nathan: Meeting with Sue, Notes
### This Week:
- Charles: Welcome to the Major Event
- Charles: MinneHack Application
- Charles: ACM Meeting time
- Charles: MinneHack Meeting Time
- Louis: Harsh
- Louis: Fridge pickup time & group
- Louis: Donuts with profs
- louis: New Member open house
- louis: WTTM sign-up form
- Charles: paypal

## Minutes
### Last Week Topics (postponed):
- Nathan: Meeting with Kirsten
  - Nathan: Must plan this meeting.
  - *Helen and Nathan discuss scheduling*
- Nathan: Meeting with Sue, Notes
  - Nathan: Review of last years finances. We will be able to run our own reports this year (instead of through sue). Sue will train me in on stuff. Shana will have a p card to sign out. If stuff is not budgeted, will need more effort, but still through Shana.
  - Nathan: Department is curious about MinneHack budget.
  - Nathan: There is a room in sheapard we can use to store swag for MH. (Would have to be let in each time?)
  - Nathan: THey want us to start with the bus planning now, "due" Nov 1.
  - Louis: did we reach a conclusion on weather the bus is worth it?
  - Helen and Mike: We should keep doing it anyway.
  - Helen: If we do it, we should do it sooner to be cheaper.
  - Louis: I don't think thats worth it if it costs $3,000.
  - Helen: it holds like 45 people.
  - Nathan: National report is done.
  - Nathan: The department wants a google calendar with our events.
### This Week:
- Charles: Welcome to the Major Event (email)
  - Charle: there was an email.
  - Helen: I am filling out the form right now
- Charles: MinneHack Application
  - *See spreadsheet*
- Charles: ACM Meeting time
  - **New Meeting time is Wed 19:30** (skipping sep 4)
- Charles: MinneHack Meeting Time
  - *General lean toward weekend*
  - Nathan: I wont always be able to come on weekends
  - *General Lean toward Sunday*
  - Louis: 2pm?
  - helen: I like 2pm
  - **MH Meeting 14:30 Sunday**
  - Louis: Charlie needs to come to them or not be HM staff.
- Louis: Harsh
  - Louis: Some guy emailed us wanting to help with MH. We will tell him to come to MH Mettings. I can reply.
  - Helen: that would be sweet.
- Louis: Fridge pickup time & group
  - Louis: we should just decide and pick up a fridge on same day when we have a car to move it.
- Louis: Donuts with profs (getting people to come to donuts)
  - Nathan: I need to send emails about this.
- Louis: New Member open house
  - **13-16 on Thu Sep 5**
- Charles: paypal
  - Charles: it just needs to get done still, contact renfrew
- Nathan: Advertising ACM during classes
  - Helen: we need a list, it will go on the wall.

## TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] Apply for MLH accrediations
  - [ ] Contact Matt
- Helen:
  - [x] Budget for MH
  - [ ] Look over MinneHack website
  - [ ] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [ ] Ask Cassie about what happened with ExploreU email
  - [ ] Contact Charlie
- Louis:
  - [ ] Get back to Harsh
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Email Kirsten about sponsorship meeting
  - [ ] Email Profs and grad TA's about donuts
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
  - [ ] Unix class poster
  - [ ] Donuts poster
  - [ ] Resume event poster
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Register student group
- Louis:
  - [ ] Contact reuse about fridge
  - [ ] Adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
  - [ ] Email Mathnasium and tell them to talk to the math club (and to stop emailing)
- Mike:
  - [ ] Look into getting rid of old couch (reuse drop off?)
  - [ ] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [ ] Learn SSF process
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Change all passwords
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
