+++
title = "2019-09-18 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-09-18
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-09-18

Start Time: 19:30  
End Time:   20:35  

## Attendance
- Helen             (President)
- Mike              (Vice President)
- Nathan            (Treasurer)
- Louis             (Sys-Admin)
- Charles           (Secretary)
- Cole, Hemant, Ace (Members)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Helen:
  - [x] Reply to dare
  - [x] Email CSE career center
  - [x] Email Darielle
  - [x] Email travelers
  - [x] Email code42
  - [x] Fix think talk prospectus
  - [x] make officer interest form
  - [x] target interest form
  - [x] talk to isai about alumni networking
- Louis:
  - [x] CTF Prospectus (now in keybase)
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
  - [x] Newsletter (be specifically welcoming to new people, irc, unix classes, icpc (mike), target campus visit, mention job opportunities, help with planning stuff)
  - [ ] Post job opportunities in discord
  - [x] Best Buy about MH sponsorship
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] ~~Work on MH2020 Registration form~~
  - [x] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [x] Contact exceed lab manager
  - [x] Talk to MH sponsors listed above (on last minutes)
- Louis:
  - [x] Follow up with harsh
  - [x] Create MH registration form
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [x] Talk Ashmita through editing website
  - [ ] Talk to Matt about sys things
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [x] Purchase pizza (UNIX) (9/12/2019)
  - [ ] Talk to sue about getting more money for fridge potentially
  - [ ] UCP letter
  - [ ] IRS letter
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [x] Shirt for SDC
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain

## Suggestions
- There are no suggestions.

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: latex resume event
- nathan: hardware lab cleanup
- helen: cse small grant
- helen: unix classes in lab next sem
- helen: membership officer position
- helen: cse career center collaboration
- helen: online payment system
- louis: i filed door update
- helen: sleep number thing
- helen: bridge laser cutting
- helen: bridge panel design
- helen: website stuff
- mike: keys
- mike: cull paid-member role
- charles: MLH documents
- helen: SDC status, NO PROMPT DISCUSSION!

## Minutes
- Todos Review:
  - Re: Mike's TODO: we were supposed to fill out a google form that we didn't get until last week; if we haven't heard back in another week i will email someone
  - Nathan can buy pizza for tomorrow's unix class.
- CHarles: ReUse couch
  - Helen: i'm pretty sure we can just take the couch tomorrow.
  - Mike: It has to be done between 8am and 3pm.
  - Ace: I will be around 11-ish
  - Charles: I'm not sure how things will work out.
- Helen: latex resume event
  - Helen: I thought it might be cool to show how to make a resume in LaTeX. If we do a sponsored resume thing with Target, we can do this as a separate event.
  - Nathan: so like a latex class?
  - Helen: going over overleaf, basics of latex, and then demonstrate basics with resume.
  - Nathan: so "improve your resume with LaTeX"
  - Helen: yeah.
  - Helen: we will discuss this more when we apply for ssf
- nathan: hardware lab cleanup
  - Helen: that should happen.
  - Nathan: its frickin awful.
  - Helen: is this something we can work on this weekend. I liked having focused cleaning things.
  - Louis: Lets do weekend after next.
- helen: cse small grant
  - Helen: we got an email about the CSE small grant that we can apply for.
  - Ace: its a grant that we can apply for a project.
  - Helen: the thing is, if we apply we must regularly go to sesb.
  - Mike: what are we missing by not going.
  - Ace: college wide things that are talked about better during the meetings than emails.
  - Helen: do we want to start going to sesb meetings and or apply for the small grant.
  - Ace: yes no in that order.
  - Louis: some group i saw has a comm ambasador and a corporate ambasador.
  - Helen: we could change comm ambas to corp ambas, and membership could be changed to comm ambas.
  - Mike: there is a problem that we don't have a membership officer.
  - Louis: I think we punt on the small grant until we get another officer.
- helen: unix classes in lab next sem
  - Helen: people were suprised that we didnt have them in labs. IDK if as a student group we are allowed to use them? if we asked the department, they would probably let us.
  - Nathan: we would have to work around office hours for classes.
  - Ace: its also possible that we could use the windows lab that switches to linux every friday for a few hours.
  - Helen: the only problem is that fridays arent a good time
  - Ace: thats why we talk to CSE IT
  - Louis: there is also the lind lab
  - Helen: It is used by classes, so many classes.
  - Nathan: I also know that thursdays are very booked.
  - Helen: we can discuss later. I will email
- helen: membership officer position
  - Helen: I feel that Cassie has resigned. She seems to agree. But we need to vote.
  - VOTE: All present vote to accept Cassie's resignation.
    - Officers: Louis, Nathan, Mike, Charles, Helen
    - Members: Ace, Cole, Hemant
  - Helen: I am going to email the person who responded to the form.
  - Louis: Unless someone fills out the form && expresses interest, it's going to be Hemant [vote next week]
- mike: keys
  - Mike: we need cassie's key back
  - Mike: in the current key spreadsheet, it says isai has key 5. Charlie sayd he doesn't have a key, which leads me to believe that isai still has a key.
  - *everyone present checks their keys to make sure they have the correct one*
  - Helen: Isai says he gave the key to me.
  - Helen: I am 100% sure that I gave one to Charlie.
  - Helen: we will follow up on this and if it is lost we talk to Shana
- helen: cse career center collaboration
  - Helen: the event that we did this semester, is something we could theoretically do with the career center, but could not be the week before the career fair. They gave me a list of events that can happen, such as "make your summer meaningful" at the end of the year. We can follow up late.
- helen: online payment system
  - Helen: I feel like we should talk to the department and have it be that when someone fills out the form that we get emailed.
  - Louis: we should email and say that this sucks and we should find a better wya to do it.
  - Helen: and it asks for a weird ammount of information.
  - Mike: yes.
  - Ace: the reason that is happens this way is that there is no good buy thing from the university system except the one where you buy classes and stuff.
  - Louis : we should write a thing on the website saying that you can leave optional things blank.
  - Louis: Nathan, you should ask if there is a real reason that we should take cash. "do we do this for compliance?"
  - Ace: We can be dispanded for having a cash fund.
  - Helen: I do think that you should ask for it, its not something we are doing.
  - Nathan: It's flawed, it can be better, but it works.
  - Louis: having to pay online is demonstrably decreasing membership.
- louis: i filed door update
  - Louis: I filed door update. I will do so again probably next week.
  - Helen: I think we should update the door every 2 weeks.
- helen: sleep number thing
  - Helen: we have an event with sleep number that has a time, but the time is the same as the welcome to the major event. should we move the time or push it back a week.
  - Louis: we should push it back a week since still nobody would go to it.
- helen: bridge laser cutting
  - Charlie: thats a thing im doing.
  - Helen: we have a design for MH, we don;t have a design for ACM.
  - Louis: we might think a networking theme.
  - Ace: *computers with the letters*
  - Helen: I don't really like that
  - *louis draws diagram on board*
  - *helen draws logo, info, network diagram around stuff.* [packet tracer]
  - Helen: we do need to buy better brushes.
  - ACM logo as part of the network.
- helen: website stuff
  - Helen: I put that there so that if there is anything that needs updating we should let Ashmita know.
- mike: cull paid-member role
  - Mike: I was checkcing the role, we have ~52 roles and ~30 members. THis needs fixing. We need to ping the paid member role to say that role will be removed.
  - Helen: *sends message*
- charles: MLH documents
  - Documents needed: proof of registration (should be in the google group archive)
  - Itemized event budget: Helen and Nathan will discuss budget at meeting
  - Sponsorship Packet/prospectus
  - Website link
  - Potential Sponsor List: 
- louis/ace: GitHub audit
  - Louis: I just purged all non-officers from the officer role of github
  - Louis: the only current officers are me, helen, mike, and ace
  - Louis: I also removed everyone else from the systems role and the only two owners are me and helen
- helen: SDC status, NO PROMPT DISCUSSION!
  - Helen: louis, can you take a look at judging criteria for SDC, since you have experience with programming competitions.
  - Helen: judging criteria is a document that only some of us can see, Mike wrote up detaileld judging criteria. I think all the design rubric is good.


## TODOs
Newsletter
- officer opening with form
- events

### Today
- Charles:
  - [x] add officer interest form to minutes.
  - [ ] great hall investigation
- Helen:
  - [ ] Paid member role culling inform
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
  - [ ] Post job opportunities in discord
  - [ ] documents to mlh
  - [ ] other email options
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Isai Key
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] find CLPs that do payment different
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] help charles with MLH stuff
- Louis:
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Talk to Matt about sys things
  - [ ] door update (1.5 weeks)
  - [ ] look at judging criteria for SDC
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021(?)
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
- Nathan
  - [ ] Purchase pizza (UNIX) (9/18/2019)
  - [ ] Talk to sue about getting more money for fridge potentially
  - [ ] UCP letter
  - [ ] IRS letter
  - [ ] email about membership purchasing method to department
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain
