+++
title = "2019-04-08 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-04-08
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-04-08

Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time:   2:55 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Immediately
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Help Ringo and Michael reserve rooms
### Short Term
 - Cassie: 
     - [ ] Look for new images (Isai did not send me the number)
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Buy air fresheners
 - Isai: 
     - [ ] Save general prospectus as Gmail template
     - [ ] ~~Email Mats about paid position policy~~
 - Michael:
     - [x] Make a list of security classes to advertise to
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Make purchases for LAN party and CTF
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Member system
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard

## Topics for Discussion
 - Helen: Officer transition dinner
 - Helen: Election on GopherLink
 - Ringo: SASE website

## Minutes
 - Helen: Officer transition dinner
     - Helen: Thomas needs to fill out the whentomeet
     - Helen: After that I'll make a reservation at Zen Box on the day that works best
     - Helen: Thomas will need to put in a purchase request and we'll need to take out the Pcard day-of
 - Helen: Election on GopherLink
     - Helen: Elections are happening on GopherLink, you need to be a member to vote
     - Helen: They will run from 3:30 today to 2:30 a week from now
 - Ringo: SASE website
     - Ringo: Does SASE want us to host their website?
     - Michael: I don't know, I need to go talk to them again
     - Louis: We can just use the same protocol we used for the IEEE guy
 - Isai: LAN party setup
     - Who's gonna be there?
         - Mike, Louis (after 4:30), Thomas, Helen, Cassie (after 4:30), Adam
         - Isai can probably get some other people
 - Isai: Cookout
     - Isai: Apparently we're co-hosting with another group and all they want us to do is provide 2 people
     - Isai: It's on Wednesday from 10:00 to 1:00
     - Isai: I'll be there, who else can be there?
     - Ringo: I can be there if I get free food
     - Isai: If anyone else want to be there, that's cool too

## TODOs
### Immediately
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Email the professors about Donuts with the Department
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Help Ringo and Michael reserve rooms
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Make purchases for LAN party
     - [ ] Email Dania
### Short Term
 - Cassie: 
     - [ ] Look for new images
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Make sure our donuts don't get stolen
     - [ ] Buy air fresheners
 - Isai: 
     - [ ] Save general prospectus ~~as Gmail template~~ in keybase
     - [ ] Send Cassie the number to look for images
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Member system
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
