+++
title = "2019-01-28 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-01-28
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-01-28

Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time:   3:05 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Immediate
 - Isai:
     - [x] Volunteers email
     - [x] Look at money for donuts
     - [x] Email Intel
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Email events people re: ethernet
     - [x] Email ~~events people~~ Shana re: WiFi accounts
     - [ ] Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike
     - [x] Talk to Ace about switches
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Email to reserve room for donuts with the department
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Configure hestia for MinneHack
 - Mike:
     - [x] Send MinneHack volunteer email
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] SSF funding
 - Ringo:
     - [ ] Write copy for emailing companies about CTF
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Review Ringo's copy
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form for new members
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [ ] Set up check-in system
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Isai: MinneDemo
 - Isai: Printer
 - Ari: CSCI undergrad town hall 2/26
 - Isai: Donuts with Department
 - Isai: Events tomorrow
 - Isai: MinneHack volunteers
 - Cassie: Upcoming events

## Minutes
 - Isai: MinneDemo
     - Isai: We got an email from MinneDemo asking us to advertise, we could probably put it in the discord
     - Louis: I went a while ago, it's mostly a bunch of startups talking about what they do
 - Isai: Printer
     - Isai: Thomas ordered it, it should be here soon
     - Thomas: I'll keep you all posted
 - Ari: CSCI undergrad town hall 2/26
     - Cassie: It's from 3:30 to 4:30 PM
     - Isai: Can anyone go to represent ACM
     - Ari: It's a good event, you get to meet Mats and other people in the department, and bring up any changes you want made to the curriculum
     - Ari: We should have a Donuts with the Department before then
 - Isai: Donuts with Department
     - Ari: We need to schedule, make ads, and reserve the space
     - Helen is reserving the space, she will tell Ari what the dates are
     - Isai: We're not going through Tim Horton's this time because we can't use the Pcard there
     - Thomas: There's a bakery the U uses that could deliver
     - Louis: We should tell the department about the tax-exempt problem so they can solve it
     - Isai: Literally, legally, we cannot
     - Louis: Whatever we end up doing, we should make clear to the administration that we're the dominant party
 - Isai: Events tomorrow
     - Isai: Ace put up posters for the Target event, it's also on gopherlink and the website. Same for the event with Intel
 - Ari: MinneHack volunteers
     - Ari: Do we have enough? Have they been contacted?
     - Isai: Yes and yes. They've been emailed and told to hop on the Discord
 - Cassie: Upcoming events
     - Cassie: Coming up next week, the CSE career fair is on Tuesday and the Spring activities fair is on Wednesday
     - Isai: If anyone wants to rep ACM at the career fair, I can set up a script and a spreadsheet so we don't hit the same company twice
     - Ari: Have we signed up for the spring activities fair?
     - Cassie: I'm doing it right now
     - Isai will be at the fair from 1 to 4, Jack will come and relieve him from 1 to 2ish
     - Anyone else who wants to help can show up too

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Email to reserve room for donuts with the department
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Advertise MinneDemo in the discord
     - [ ] Set up spreadsheet for career fair
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Configure hestia for MinneHack
     - [ ] Email events people re: ethernet
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] SSF funding
 - Ringo:
     - [ ] Write copy for emailing companies about CTF
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Review Ringo's copy
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form for new members
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [ ] Set up check-in system
     - [ ] Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
