+++
title = "2019-08-12 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-08-12
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-08-12

Start Time: 18:42  
End Time:   20:12  

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- Louis      (Systems Admin)
- Charles    (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal
  - [x] Look for MLH accredditation requirements
  - [ ] Design flyers for Welcome Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
- Helen:
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [x] Send MinneHack prospectus to Ameriprise (ASAP)
  - [ ] Give Charlie information about Welcome Week flyers
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Figure out issue with MH 2021 Room Registration
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords (ASAP)
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
- Mike:
  - [ ] Room registration for MinneHack 2021
  - [x] Look into Google voice (do we have one + can we use it for our accounts)
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Meet with Sue
  - [x] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of August)
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [ ] Finish ACM National report

### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Helen:
  - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility

### Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)

## Suggestions
- None

## Topics for Discussion
- Louis: Fridge
- Helen: Root access to ACM machines
- Helen: event planning documentation
- Helen: timeline for postering and advertising events
- Helen: SDC
- Helen: delegating events
- Helen: contact department about unix classes
- Helen: Gopherlink - whose job is it?
- Helen: events on gopherlink
- Helen: Book atrium for lan party
- Helen: ssf deadlines
- helen: drive organization
- Helen: Minnehack sponsorship prospectus
- Helen: minnehack sponsor deadlines document
- helen: pre-minnehack schedule
- helen: minnehack roles
- helen: think talk prospectus
- helen: documents for potential ctf sponsors
- helen: student group registration
- helen: new p card system
- helen: clean up fridge
- helen: who has website edit privileges
- Charles: mlh accreditation
- mike: mh 2021

## Minutes
- Louis: Fridge
  - louis: if fridge says "needs cleaning" is it okay
  - helen: if it involves unsafe materials, no
  - louis: any cleaning should be done not in the acm room
  - charles: I can lend a mini van for moving
  - louis: prefer to find truck somewhere
  - helen: how are we getting rid of old fridge
  - ace: contact reuse
  - **louis will contact reuse**
- Helen: Root access to ACM machines
  - helen: who has access?
  - louis: it depends on the machine, some subset of {louis, michael, isai, ringo}
  - louis: currently on an as needed basis
  - louis: giving people docker is roughly equivalent to giving root access
  - louis: I can also turn them off via hindbrain (admin controller) whenever I want if something goes wrong.
  - louis: the two major bad things people could be doing are: illicit things from ACM subnet, DOS attacks/content manipulation on ACM services
      - louis: Irene is aware that Bad Things could happen from ACM subnet, on the same page as me that this is a cost of doing buisiness for giving students this type of access. Previous "security" incidents have been well-handled
  - louis: we wont necessarily be notified if the above happens though
  - louis: we might consider moving website to cerberus so that root cant influence acm websites.
  - helen: are all of the people with root members?
  - louis: yes, at least until fall. (does isai get free membership as ex-pres?)
- Helen: event planning documentation
  - helen: write documents about how to plan events, if you got thrown into an event what would be helpul for you to have? as the driving question.
  - Helen: the solution is to update the wiki and make it known
  - where/how to get food, how to get rooms, how to get help, etc.
  - **louis to write guide to running ctf for future louises**
- Helen: timeline for postering and advertising events
  - helen: i wrote a timeline, we should agree on some revision of it
  - _see timeline in drive for details_
  - make sure that the posters should be designed at least a week in advance of when they are needed
  - we need posters for first few events asap
- Helen: SDC
  - helen: we need to plan it at some point, we should pick out prompt before school year so that we can start planning other things.
  - louis: if target doesn't want to sponsor, find a person in department to find a research related prompt. (lana, maria, grouplense)
  - helen: charles can print shirts for acm events in the future
  - helen: we should set up SDC event meetings once relevant people are back in town.
- Helen: delegating events
  - helen: everyone should be in charge of some event
  - louis will be in charge of lan party, ctf (atrium still needs to be reserved), unix classes (with nathan)
  - mike :) in charge of SDC
  - helen in charge of paper pals, resume event
  - charles in charge of study for finals
- Helen: contact department about unix classes
  - helen: who do we contact
  - **louis will do**
- Helen: Gopherlink - whose job is it?
  - **charlie to put events in gopherlink**
- Helen: Book atrium for lan party
  - **Louis will do**
- Helen: ssf deadlines
  - helen: when are they, what to apply for
  - **treasurer thing for Nathan**
  - nathan: we have a folder with information
- helen: drive organization
  - helen: bad organization
  - charles: organize by year
  - helen: who should be owner?
  - ace: members have equal access to team drive
  - ace: already set one up a while ago that we dont use yet
  - **ace will set that up**
- Helen: Minnehack sponsorship prospectus
  - Helen: I want other people to look it over
- Helen: minnehack sponsor deadlines document
  - helen: we should make a document with all the deadlines for minehack sponsors (I can do that)
- helen: pre-minnehack schedule
  - helen: I have a spreadsheet (in drive)
  - helen: I will put in sponsor deadlines here too
- helen: minnehack roles
  - helen: specific roles for each person
  - helen: everyone planning minnehack should read the minnehak manual (in the Gdrive)
  - Helen: I think I should be head of logistics
  - Mike in charge of volunteers
  - Charles in charge of marketing
  - Louis in charge of networking
  - Nathan may be able to be in charge of finance
  - Still need head of participation/wrangler
- helen: think talk prospectus
  - helen: we should have one, I wrote a draft. Nathan and Mike can you review?
- helen: documents for potential ctf sponsors
  - helen: we need documents for what is involved in a sponsorship
  - louis: I can do that
- helen: student group registration
  - helen: we need to be registered as a student group.
  - mike: how do we check?
  - ace: contact SUA
  - helen: I will be registering us
- helen: new p card system
  - helen: there is one
  - helen: email from Shana says: student groups will purchase for themselves, we will check out the cards from Shana.
  - ace: does this mean no purchase rqeuest necesary?
  - helen: don't know
- helen: clean up fridge
  - helen: should be cleaned so we can get rid of it
- helen: who has website edit privileges
  - louis: it should remain how it is
  - louis: charlie should be added to the github, however
- Charles: mlh accreditation
  - minimum 150 attendees
  - need to apply 4 months in advance
  - has to be during academic year
  - primarily students
  - must be free
  - have to be 24-48 hours long
- Mike: MinneHack 2021
  - registration is too far out for current registration

## TODOs
### Short Term
- Ace:
  - [x] Add all officers to the team drive
- Charles:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal
  - [ ] Design flyers for Welcome Week
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
  - [ ] apply for mlh accrediations
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
  - [ ] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Give Charlie information about Welcome Week flyers
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Look over MinneHack website
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [ ] ask shana about purchase requesting process
  - [ ] Register student group
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords (ASAP)
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
  - [ ] Contact department about fridge
  - [ ] Contact reuse about fridge
  - [ ] Reserve atrium for lan party
  - [ ] Contact department about unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
- Mike:
  - [ ] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] Read over Think Talk prospectus and give feedback on it
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [ ] Meet with Sue
  - [ ] look at think talk prospectus
  - [ ] learn ssf process
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [ ] Finish ACM National report
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
