+++
title = "2019-07-16 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-07-16
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-07-16

Start Time: 6:31 PM
End Time:   7:16 PM

## Attendance
 - Helen    (President)
 - Mike     (Vice President)
 - Nathan   (Treasurer)
 - Louis    (Systems Admin)
 - Charles  (Secretary)
 - Isai     (Pirate King)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Room registration for MH2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
     - [ ] Change Discord role permissions so that unpaid members can see everything but Fun and Admin
     - [ ] Clean up Discord Channels
     - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
     - [ ] Update Shana as ACM National Advisor
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Scan the old pictures
     - [ ] Update/Archive MH19 website
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [x] Talk to Irene about link bonding
     - [ ] Change all passwords
     - [x] Figure out long-term MH data storage
### Medium Term
 - Charlie:
     - [ ] Think talks
     - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of aug)

## Suggestions
 - None

## Topics for Discussion 
 - Helen: UNIX classes
 - Helen: UNIX class github
 - Louis: Etherjack networking
 - Louis: Mailserver
 - Helen: Website accessibility
 - Helen: MinneHack favicon
 - Helen: UNIX class location
 - Louis: Ameriprise sponsorship opportunity
 - Isai: CSE Week email from Ben Koch
 - Helen: Room reservation day
 - Helen: Officer meeting time for fall
 - Ace: Old accounts

## Minutes
 - Helen: UNIX classes
     - registration starts 23 of july
     - louis: helen should email department
     - next week should figure out dates for UNIX classes
 - Helen: UNIX class github
     - make another github
 - Helen: UNIX class location
     - best possible location is the roundish room in same block as acm room for colaborative environment
 - Louis: Etherjack networking
     - 2.5, 5, 10 gigabit on
     - appropriations for
         - ?BASE-T switch
         - ?BASE-T NICs
         - used hardware? solicit donations?
     - switchover to
     - exception request form for NAT on

     - CSE network going away, switching to OIT network
     - network overhaul includes up to 10Gb networking in the building
     - we could possibly get faster network hardware (possibly funded by department)
         - if we have the hardware for the room it can be used for minnehack
     - continuing to use NAT on table requires an exemption request (OIT) on new network
     - 10Gb may incur cost, 5Gb maybe not
 - Louis: Mailserver
     - ACM should have an email server for acm.umn.edu, minnehack.io, etc.
     - lends credibility to official communications
 - louis: power supply died
     - need a new one
 - Helen: Website accessibility
     - make sure things are accessible when put on website
     - helen would like to look into accessibility on acm and minnehack websites
 - Helen: MinneHack favicon
     - minnehack.io needs a favicon
     - charles will do
 - Louis: Ameriprise sponsorship opportunity
     - Charlie replied
     - Helen should sent minnehack prospectus
 - Isai: CSE Week email from Ben Koch
     - We should do this
     - Helen will reply to Ben
 - Helen: Room reservation day
     - 23rd is the first day we can reserve rooms
     - we should get on that as soon as possible to get the good rooms
 - Helen: Officer meeting time for fall
     - Charles will not have schedule until aug 22
     - all officers need to put schedule in spreadsheet (or else)
 - Ace: Old accounts
     - Old RSO accounts should be deleted
 - Louis: one of the NICs in hestia is dying, needs replacing (department pays?)
     - does not NEED to be fixed before MinneHack, but would be nice

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Charles:
     - [ ] MinneHack favicon
 - Charlie:
     - [ ] Think talks
     - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Room registration for MH2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
     - [ ] Change Discord role permissions so that unpaid members can see everything but Fun and Admin
     - [ ] Clean up Discord Channels
     - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
     - [ ] Update Shana as ACM National Advisor
     - [ ] send minnehack prospectus to ameriprise
     - [ ] Reply to Ben Koch about CSE Week
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Scan the old pictures
     - [ ] Update/Archive MH19 website
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Change all passwords
     - [ ] Find cost difference between 5/10Gb network equipment
     - [ ] Talk to NTS and Irene about details of above
     - [ ] look at getting replacement power supply
     - [ ] talk to Gabe about aquiring used 5/10Gb gear from companies
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of aug)
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
