+++
title = "2019-10-16 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-10-16
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-10-16

Start Time: 19:32  
End Time:   20:01  

## Attendance
- Helen    (President)
- Mike     (Vice President)
- Nathan   (Treasurer)
- ~~Louis    (Systems Admin)~~
- Charlie  (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant   (Membership)
- Ashmita  (Webmaster)
- Charles  (Secretary)
- Cole     (Committee Member)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [x] SDC Email
- Helen:
  - [x] Poster in the women's restrooms
  - [ ] email ben koch
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Talk to umn esports
  - [ ] talk to ieee
  - [ ] talk to smashclub
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] ~~find CLPs that do payment different~~
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] talk to darielle about site visit next semester
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 24) (in progress)
  - [x] Order Pizza (Oct 14)
  - [ ] ask department about beat saber in the budget
  - [x] respond to quantum computing email
  - [x] Haunted Computer Purchase (with Helen?)
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Mike:
  - [x] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
  - [x] Email people who filled out the leadership form
- Louis
  - [x] door update (.5 weeks)
  - [x] look at judging criteria for SDC
- Ashmita
  - [ ] Newsletters on site
### Four Weeks
- Mike:
  - [x] Update GopherLink Pictures
- Charles:
  - [ ] ~~Migrate all ACM files to the team drive~~
- Louis:
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain

## Suggestions
- 10/16/2019 3:27:04 - More garfield
  - unanimous agreement

## Leadership Interest Form
No new responses

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: Papertrail receipt recipients
- Helen: Laundry
- Mike: Pcard training
- Helen: Lost n found
- Mike: Ecolab sponsorship
- Mike: Internal officer list
- Helen: Best Buy

## Minutes
- Helen: Papertrail receipt recipients
  - Helen: Ringo was complaining that he was still getting these
  - Nathan: I would like to be added to that
  - Helen: I'll ask louis about it.
  - Helen: Mike, would you be able to do that
  - Mike: yes
- Helen: Laundry
  - Helen: we need to wash the bean bag covers and blankets
  - Nathan: I have in unit laundry, I can do it
  - Helen: can you do it this wekend?
  - Nathan: I can probably do that.
  - Helen: ideally they would not be gone for more than 2 days.
- Mike: Pcard training
  - Mike: shana sent an email to do the pcard training and to fill out an ethics form. Who do we think should be doing the training?
  - Nathan: me and president at least
  - Mike: I already did it.
  - Helen: I cant see a situation where someone else needs to do a purchase
  - Helen: also ashmita is already doing it for acm-w
  - Nathan: I feel like we talked about this earlier in the year
  - Mike: I dont remember talking about this before.
  - Nathan: I signed the ethics form
  - Mike: So did I
- Helen: Lost n found
  - Helen: there is stuff in the lost and found that has been there a while.
  - Ashmita: i thought the rule was if its there for a week it gets gotten rid
  - Helen: yes
  - Mike: move that we throw it out.
  - Ashmita: I think we should take them to good will
  - *someone throws several of the items away*
  - Helen: my goal is that nothing that is currently on it is on it by the next meeting.
  - Helen: this weekend, anything that is on the cart (that has been on there for a long time) will be thwon in the trash
- Mike: Ecolab sponsorship
  - Mike: ecolab emailed again, they are insistent that they need someone to tell them what to do
  - Nathan: That is my fault, I am waiting to hear from the department, but should have emailed this morning.
  - Nathan: as for their request, I see no problem.
  - nathan: Im emailing them now
- Mike: Internal officer list
  - Mike: I was looking at it earlier, and half the officers don't have their phones in there. (nathan, charlie, hemant, ashmita). If everyone could look over their information to ensure it is correct.
  - Helen: Also make sure you add the other officer's numbers into your phones
- Helen: Best Buy
  - Helen: I have an internship with best buy, would it be weird?
  - Charles: That's completely unecessary since I am already in contact with the same representative from last year.

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- MinneHack (with link)
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] lan party emails
- Nathan:
  - [x] Email Ecolab
- Everyone:
  - [ ] update internal officer information.
### One Week
- Ashmita
  - [ ] Newsletters on site
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] email ben koch
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] talk to darielle about site visit next semester
- Mike:
  - [ ] Update papertrail recipients
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do laundry over the weekend
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 24) (in progress)
  - [ ] ask department about beat saber in the budget
### Four Weeks
- Mike:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain
