+++
title = "2019-04-29 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-04-29
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-04-29

Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time:   3:10 PM

## Attendance
 - Helen     (President)
 - Mike      (Vice President)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Isai      (Outgoing President)
 - Thomas    (Outgoing Treasurer)
 - Jack      (Outgoing Community Ambassador)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie: 
     - [ ] Look for new images
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Ask for new carpet
     - [ ] Reserve the transition dinner
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Save general prospectus ~~as Gmail template~~ in keybase
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Work with Charile to get CodeDay sponsors
 - Louis:
     - [x] Put LAN party stuff away
 - Helen and Thomas:
     - [ ] ~~Meeting for dept budget~~
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ringo: Security vulnerabilities on the new site
 - Ari: Update officers on the discord, website, gopherlink etc
 - Ari: Wiki
 - Ari: Transition dinner
 - Ringo: Disposable cups
 - Ari: Morris tax email
 - Louis: MinneHack.io renewal
 - Ringo: CTF postmortem
 - Helen: Gaff tape usage
 - Helen: UNIX class videos
 - Helen: Intro to CS event (?)
 - Helen: More resources on website
 - Helen: CSCI "book" club
 - Cassie: MinneHack images

## Minutes
 - Ringo: Security vulnerabilities on the new site
     - Louis: There was gonna be a new site but we got an email that one of our dependencies has a security vulnerability
     - Louis: This is a non-issue because it's not deployed, but we should have a policy for if it happens to something that is deployed
 - Ari: Update officers on the discord, website, gopherlink etc
     - Isai: We should do that
     - Cassie: I'll do that
     - Helen: To do that Isai needs to give me admin on discord
     - Mike: I'll update the website
 - Ari: Wiki
     - Ari: Everyone should do that before they leave
 - Ari: Transition dinner
     - Helen: It will happen this Friday or next week
     - Helen: I will make a call and then we'll talk
 - Ringo: Disposable cups
     - Isai: No
     - Louis: We've had them in the past
     - Helen: It's fine to get single use cups, they just have to be recyclable
     - Cassie: Let's make sure to get cups that fit the lids we already have
 - Ari: Morris tax email
     - Isai: We got a tax email that was meant for the Morris chapter
     - Louis: We already told them they got it wrong, it should be fine
 - Louis: MinneHack.io renewal
     - Louis: It's gonna expire, we need to file a purchase request to renew it now
     - Thomas: We're gonna renew it from the MinneHack account
     - Isai: Can we renew it for like 10 years?
     - Louis: Yeah we can do that
 - Ringo: CTF postmortem
     - Helen: I think this would be better for a specific CTF postmortem meeting, where Michael and Ringo are there
     - Helen: I think some of the problems leading up to it could be solved if we had been more involved
     - Louis: There were also some technical flaws that could've been solved with more micromanaging
     - Louis: Going forward, whoever's in charge of events needs to be clearer on what they need other people to do
     - Isai: We also need to buy prizes soon
 - Helen: Gaff tape usage
     - Helen: Stop using gaff tape to hang posters, it's bad for the walls
 - Helen: UNIX class videos
     - Isai: Those are already on the website
 - Helen: Intro to CS event (?)
     - Helen: It might be a cool idea to have an event where people who are new to the major hear about research, classes, tracks, and stuff like that from other students
     - Ari: This is something the architecture department does
     - Helen: I think we should advertise this during welcome week so freshman have an opportunity to know what's up
     - Ari: I think the hardest part will be figuring out who the people who know what they're doing are and getting them on board
 - Helen: More resources on website
     - Helen: I think anything we talk about at this event should also be on the website
     - Helen: The UNIX cheat sheets I found should be on there, too
     - Jack: We can put that on the resources page
 - Helen: CSCI "book" club
     - Helen: I think it would be cool to do a club where we all read a paper and then talk about it
     - Louis: This is similar to the idea we had about copying ACM National's interest groups
 - Cassie: MinneHack images
     - Cassie: I've been trying to track down the MinneHack pictures, but neither of the photographers have photos they're willing to give us
     - Isai: They gave us a video, I guess that's all they were recording
     - Isai: I have a ton of photos from ACM events, I'll figure out how to get them to us

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie: 
     - [ ] Update officers on gopherlink
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Update officers on Discord
     - [ ] Call Zen Box about transition dinner
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Irene about security
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Purchase request for minnehack.io renewal
 - Thomas and Isai:
     - [ ] Talk about the budget for next year
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
 - Helen and Thomas: 
     - [ ] Talk about the budget for next year
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
