+++
title = "2019-05-13 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-05-13
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-05-13

Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time:   3:10 PM

## Attendance
 - Helen     (President)
 - Mike      (Vice President)
 - Nathan    (Treasurer)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Charlie   (Secretary)
 - Isai      (Outgoing President)
 - Thomas    (Outgoing Treasurer)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie: 
     - [ ] Fix officers on gopherlink
 - Helen:
     - [x] Update officers on Discord
     - [x] Call Zen Box about transition dinner
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Irene about security
 - Thomas:
     - [x] Purchase request for minnehack.io renewal
 - Thomas and Isai:
     - [ ] Talk about the budget for next year
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
 - Helen and Thomas: 
     - [ ] Talk about the budget for next year
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard

## Topics for Discussion
 - Helen: Keys
 - Helen: Hardware lab checkouts
 - Helen: Officers
 - Helen: Special interest group meetings
 - Helen: Event planning for next semester
 - Cassie: Suggestions box
 - Tony: Subgroups of ACM, alliance w/ App Developers
 - Ringo: Server downtime
 - Ringo: New website security vulnerability
 - Ari: Waffle night
 - Helen: Drive access
 - Helen: Keybase
 - Ari: Person who borrowed hardware
 - Ringo: Removing Ringo from Papertrail
 - Helen: Updating officer list
 - Helen: Posting room rules
 - Jack: Organics recycling

## Minutes
 - Helen: Keys
     - Helen: Everyone who is no longer an officer needs to give up their keys
     - Michael still needs to give his key to Ashmita when he wakes up
 - Helen: Hardware lab checkouts
     - Helen: We need a better system than writing it on the white board
     - Ari: We also need to make sure we get our stuff back
     - Isai: We too inventory last year, we can just add a new column to that spreadsheet
     - Ari: As long as it's written down somewhere. We just need to make sure we get stuff back
     - Helen: I'll email the person who wrote their x500 on the white board
 - Helen: Officers
     - Helen: I forgot what this is about
 - Helen: Special interest group meetings
     - Helen: I think Louis wanted to talk about this so let's table it until he's here
 - Helen: Event planning for next semester
     - Helen: I would like to figure out all of our events over the summer and plan them ahead of time so we're not rushing to plan things three days before
     - Helen: We have a calendar in the drive
     - Helen: People who are interested in event planning should stay after the meeting
     - Ari: This should have it's own minutes so it's all written down
 - Cassie: Suggestions box
     - Cassie: There are a lot of suggestions being thrown out but nothing ever gets done
     - Cassie: I think there should be a google form or a literal box, or just some way of keeping track of things
     - Helen: However we end up doing it, it has to be anonymous
     - Cassie: Do we want to have the results emailed to acm@umn.edu?
     - Helen: I think it's better to just check it at the meeting every week
     - Helen: It should be a membership job to add the suggestions to the meeting topics
 - Tony: Subgroups of ACM, alliance w/ App Developers
     - Mike: Tony's not here, let's table this
     - Cassie: I think breaking up responsibilities between different committees is a good idea, maybe just to a lesser extent than Tony was thinking
     - Mike: We would have a hard time finding officers for all these smaller groups, since we had such a hard time finding officers for ACM
     - Nathan: If we're able to find enough people to have the group of people in the first place, there would be people who are willing to organize it
     - Ashmita: There are lots of people who come in here wanting to work specifically on MinneHack
     - Helen: This would just be a more formalized form of committees
     - Helen: We should have a formalized planning meeting on our google calendar, and put it on our website
     - Cassie: Is our google calendar publicly available somewhere? The one Laura made isn't visible to the calendar
     - Cassie: Do we want to maintain a separate calendar along with the website and the gopherlink?
     - Cassie: A lot of people use gopherlink and not the calendar; we should nix the calendar
     - Nathan: On the website, I think having the subgroups listed under the events page
 - Ringo: Server downtime
     - Mike: The power went out in this room specifically about a week ago, I think that's probably what Ringo was talking about
     - Kairi: We share a wall with the 3D printers in another room, we should be careful about not putting too much power strain on that wall
     - Kairi: There's a map of power in the building somewhere
 - Ringo: New website security vulnerability
     - Mike: Ringo's not here to talk about this, also I'm pretty sure Louis said it wasn't a big deal last time we talked about it
     - Helen: What new website?
     - Isai: I don't know
     - Isai: I think they wanted to talk about how the systems committee makes people aware of vulnerabilities
 - Ari: Waffle night
     - Ari: We should have one
     - Isai: Let's have one on Wednesday after finals
     - Jack: Hell yeah
 - Helen: Drive access
     - Helen: We should make sure that only the people who need access are on the drive/email
     - Thomas: Can you leave me on the drive for a little while?
     - Helen: I don't know how to take people off in the first place
     - Isai: I have permission to remove people
     - Nathan: Also add me, please
 - Helen: Keybase
     - Helen: The new officers need to be on the keybase
     - Mike: Make an account and I'll add you
     - Helen: We also need to remove the old officers
 - Ari: Person who borrowed hardware
     - We already covered that
 - Ringo: Removing Ringo from Papertrail
     - Mike: Does anyone know how to do that?
     - Helen: I'll make Louis do that
 - Helen: Updating officer list
     - Cassie: Which one?
     - Helen: The one on the door
     - Cassie: I can do that
 - Helen: Posting room rules
     - Helen: We should have the rules posted, and on the website
     - Helen: I'm gonna do that, and also look for things I think should be changed so we can talk about it at the next meeting
 - Jack: Organics recycling
     - Jack: Amethyst says we should compost food waste
     - Cassie: That's gonna stink like hell, and there's nobody whose job it is to remove compost
     - Thomas: We can contact the university and ask to get a compost receptacle added to Keller

## TODOs
### Immediately
 - Helen, Thomas, Nathan: 
     - [ ] Talk about the budget for next year
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Update the officer list on the door
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Post the rules
     - [ ] Talk to facilities about organics recycling
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Add/remove people from the drive
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Remove Ringo from papertrail emails
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Update the officers on keybase
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
