+++
title = "2019-09-25 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-09-25
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-09-25

Start Time: 19:30  
End Time:   20:38  

## Attendance

- Helen (President)
- Mike (Vice President)
- Nathan (Treasurer)
- Louis (Sys Admin)
- Charlie V (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant (*New* Membership)
- Ashmita (Webmaster) (20:20)
- Charles (Secretory)
- Cole (Member)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [x] add officer interest form to minutes.
  - [x] great hall investigation
- Helen:
  - [x] Paid member role culling inform
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
  - [ ] Post job opportunities in discord
  - [ ] documents to mlh
  - [x] other email options
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Isai Key
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] find CLPs that do payment different
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] help charles with MLH stuff
- Louis:
  - [x] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Talk to Matt about sys things
  - [ ] door update  a(1.5 weeks)
  - [ ] look at judging criteria for SDC
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021(?)
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
- Nathan
  - [x] Purchase pizza (UNIX) (9/18/2019)
  - [x] Talk to sue about getting more money for fridge potentially
  - [x] UCP letter
  - [x] IRS letter
  - [x] email about membership purchasing method to department
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain

## Suggestions
A guy wanted to know what the CTF paint the bridge pannel meant:
```
I'm curious, what is this? "gopher://puzzle.acm.umn.edu"
It was in black hexadecimal on an orange sign "67 6F 70 68 65 72 3A 2F 2F 70 75 7A 7A 6C 65 2E 61 63 6D 2E 75 6d 6E 2E 65 64 75"
It looks like a link but takes me nowhere. If possible, please reply to [email redacted]
```

## Officer Interest
- Rishi
  - Website
  - Small Events
  - Admin
- Aadesh
  - Sys
- Roshina
  - Sys
  - MH
  - Small Events

## Topics for Discussion
- Charles: Great Hall for 2020
- Helen: key status
- Helen: membership officer
- Helen: door access
- Helen: cse small grant spring eligibility
- Helen: sesb meetings
- Charles: cole has access to a truck for fridge
- Louis: keep cups clean
- Helen: clubby
- Charles: target site visit
- Helen: haunted computer [this is a separate topic from clubby]
- Charles: paint bridge event on friday
- Louis: ben koch email: student group panel at transfer thing
- Louis: fall org fair
- Charles: predicted budget

## Minutes
- Officer Interest
  - Helen: we should respond to them and invite them to meetings.
  - Louis: We should give them responsibilities and see how they are doing in a month.
- Charles: Great Hall for 2020
  - Mike: I emailed SUA, and we have the reservation for our indended time.
  - Charles: I have confirmed they updated.
- Helen: key status
  - Helen: we got that mostly figured out.
  - Charlie: I definitely have it.
- Helen: membership officer
  - Helen: Hemant should be membership officer, let's vote.
  - **Unanimous Vote in favor**
    - Helen
    - Mike
    - Cole
    - Charlie
    - Louis
    - Hemant
    - Charles
    - Nathan
- Helen: door access
  - Helen: I don't know why I put that in there
  - Louis: the door gremlin came by.
  - Mike: we can talk about the door code.
  - Helen: My take is that in the keys spreadsheet we should have a "who knows what code" sheet.
  - Mike: I don't like that there is no accountability, so i'm agains that.
  - Helen: I asked for three codes. I thought it would be the same one.
  - Mike: what do we think about the code, who can have it?
  - Helen: I am not telling anyone my code.
  - Mike: [code redacted]
  - Mike: I think it stays withing officers, Cole, and Ace.
  - Mike: if you are locked out of the room, ping the officer [role]
- Helen: cse small grant spring eligibility
  - Helen: if we want to apply in spring, this semester we have to go to at least sesb meetings.
  - Louis: Hemant, would you be willing to attend SESB meetings?
  - Hemant: yes.
- Helen: sesb meetings
  - Helen: meetings are 5-6 every other wednesday. We should have an email about the next one.
  - There was one today
- Charles: cole has access to a truck for fridge
  - Helen: will that fridge fit in truck?
  - Cole: yes
  - Helen: when can you take it?
  - Cole: I can probably do it friday? I can figure something out.
  - Charles and Nathan: I can help.
  - Nathan: I did talk to sue about fridge money, she said maybe-ish. The worst thing they can do is say no to a request.
  - Louis: If we want a fridge from craigslist, we just have to do it same day.
  - Louis: as soon as we get rid of this fridge, we can start looking for fridge.
  - Louis: you could make it an "ageing equipment" fund, and insinuate the fridge as discussed.
  - Nathan: when do we do that, now or next year.
- Louis: keep cups clean
  - Louis: keeps the cups clean, they are gross when they are dirty.
  - Helen: if I see a dirty cup it will go in the lost and found, and then the garbage.
  - Mike: we should at least post a notice by the cups saying "clean them or else"
- Helen: clubby
  - Helen: can you fix clubby? [to louis]
  - Louis: yes, if Matt seems interested that's something he can do.
- Charles: target site visit
  - Helen: I think we should just pick a date since there are no responses.
  - Helen: I will look...THere are responses
  - 
- Helen: haunted computer [this is a separate topic from clubby]
  - get spooky, losers
- Charles: paint bridge event on friday
  - Helen: we get to paint between 8 and 8
- Louis: ben koch email: student group panel at transfer thing
  - Helen: let me look at my schedule, i can be there.
  - Helen: i emailed ben and will be there.
- Louis: fall org fair
  - Louis: did we sign up for it?
  - Charlie: I think we did
  - Nathan: here is an email that says thanks for registering.
  - Mike: when is this one?
  - Helen: I don't know it didn't say in the email.
  - Mike: should we make new quarter sheets?
  - yes
- Charles: predicted budget
  - Charles: it is due in no more than 3 days but as soon as possible.
  - Helen: I will write up 3 different budgets, tomorrow.
- Mike: Committe member security clearance
  - Mike: Cole and Ace are a commitee member. 
  - Nathan: Ace puts on events, and needs it. we should add him when he needs it.
  - Helen: we should add him if he wants to help with stuff.

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- ?
### Today
- Everyone:
  - [ ] paper pals posters
- Charles:
  - [ ] Talk to Matt
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Update sponsor spreadsheet
- Helen:
  - [ ] Update sponsor spreadsheet
### One Week
- Helen
  - [ ] email darielle about target site visit
  - [ ] minnehack budgets best case, worst case, normal case
  - [ ] Charlie Key
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] find CLPs that do payment different
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] help charles with MLH stuff
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
  - [ ] Tell Helen key number
- Louis
  - [ ] Talk to Matt about sys things
  - [ ] door update (5 weeks)
  - [ ] look at judging criteria for SDC
  - [ ] fix clubby 
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Order Pizza 9-26-2019
  - [ ] Haunted Computer Purchase (with Helen?)
- Charles:
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
  - [ ] documents to mlh By Saturday
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021(?)
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain
