+++
title = "2020-10-05 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-10-05
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-10-05 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:00  
End Time:   17:55  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [x] Put meeting times on website
  - [x] Put paper pals on website
- Charlie:
  - [x] Bug CAT about SDC
  - [ ] Get SDC Planned
- Hemant:
  - [x] Plan UNIX classes
  - [x] Email Electrical Guy about 220v lines & tripped breaker
  - [x] Email Irene
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report (pending money info)
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [x] Update on SSF disaster
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- Opaque
- Keys
- Jackbox
- Stipends
- Department requests
- General website update
- Gopherlink
- Member inquiry emails
- Debian mirror
- Tool time

## Minutes
- Opaque
  - Kelton: We kind of talked about this during extended social hour last week, I just wanted to check on the status
  - Charlie: I think it should be some javascript or c or python style language, if it's not nobody is gonna know how it works
  - Kelton: Ok I think this is on hiatus for the time being, we can get back to this when it becomes more relevant
- Keys
  - Mike: I just dropped off Helen's key in the closet and I wanted to check on the status of all the keys bc the spreadsheet in the drive isn't updated
  - Ashmita still has hers, Helen's key is now in our possesion
- Jackbox
  - Mike: I just wanted to bring this up since it keeps coming up as something we could do during social hour to make non officers want to stick around
  - Kelton: Yeah that sounds cool
- Stipends
  - Kelton: I think Louis just put this one in here because he was confused about how they would work?
  - Kelton: For this year I think only the treasurers got approved from last year's request, so the question is what roles will get it next year
  - Charlie: Is there any restriction on what roles are eligible for stipends?
  - Kelton: I think Nathan said there's a limit of five officers who can get stipends but I'm not sure
  - Cole: I think this is a topic to come back to around spring ssf time
- Department requests
  - Cole: we were supposed to submit a request months ago but we still have 3-10 days to submit it
  - Mike: What is this request for? Is there some specific catagory of expenses this is supposed to be used for?
  - Cole: I'm not sure, last year's request looks like it was all for events
  - Cole: It looks like electronics, promotional materials and general upkeep we usually request from operations
  - Mike: What would we be requesting from the department, since we don't have events anymore?
  - Kelton: This seems like it would be the place to do the argo upgrade request
  - Cole: It doesn't look like they fund electronics from this generally
- General website update
  - Kelton: This has partially happened, I think most of the website needs to be rewritten to not be mostly about the room they can't enter
  - Andrew: I think I'm just gonna cross out the room tab
  - Kelton: Yeah, and rewrite the front page
  - Hemant: I do think it's useful to know that we have a room even if you can't use it right now
  - Kelton: Yeah, but it would be better to say what we do have rather than a big massive disclaimer over what it used to be
- Gopherlink
  - Charlie: I wanted to check in to make sure the new gopherlink is done
  - Kelton: I've done as much as possible, we still need to wait for them to process our form
  - Andrew: Once we do that we should find a way to mirror our events to gopherlink. I'll look at how adding events works and write a script
- Member inquiry emails
  - Charlie: We've gotten some of these that haven't been answered yet. Unfortunately Louis isn't here for me to yell at him
  - Andrew: I've answered some of them
  - Charlie: Oh wait this was just sent to me. I'll respond to that today
- Linux distro mirror
  - Hemant: We're going to be a private network which means our bandwidth is going to be limited by how many requests we get
  - Hemant: I think we should host a Debian mirror to get more requests
  - Andrew: We should just seed Arch
  - Cole: We are not allowed to seed anything, no matter how legal
  - Hemant: I'm going to talk to Irene about this next week
  - Cole: How specifically do they look at the traffic? will it look weird if all the traffic is going to to one server?
  - Hemant: I don't think that's really a problem
  - Hemant: We can just put different mirrors on different IPs if it comes to that
  - Hemant: It is possible that the mirror we set up could be throttled by disk I/O
  - Charlie: We should put the newest version on an SSD
  - Cole: We should request an SSD and memory from the department then?
  - Kelton: That would be good
  - Hemant: Well we need more memory for argo anyway
- Tool time
  - Charlie: Kauffman suggested we introduce people to this at the UNIX classes, it's basically an into to emacs and advanced bash utilities
  - Charlie: I also think we should put it on our resources page
  - Louis: Sounds good to me

### Newsletter
- SDC
- UNIX classes reminder

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [ ] covid-ify the website
  - [ ] tool time on resources page
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Get SDC Planned
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report (pending money info)
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Department request
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
