+++
title = "2020-01-20 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-01-20
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-01-20 Officer Meeting

Start Time: 18:45  
End Time:   19:20  

## Attendance
- Helen    (President)
- Mike     (Vice President)
- Nathan   (Treasurer)
- Louis    (Systems Admin)
- Hemant   (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita  (Webmaster)~~
- ~~Charles  (Secretary)~~

## TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [x] Kauffman about judging
  - [x] Carpool and reimbursement email to everyone
  - [x] Reply to perficient (volunteer, pull from pool to judge)
  - [x] Seagate email
  - [ ] Stickermule
  - [ ] Review budget and purchases
  - [ ] Sponsor arrival info email
  - [x] cd email
- Helen:
  - [ ] Closed caption email
  - [ ] Food permits
  - [x] Email people who requested too much reimbursement
  - [ ] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes (emailed shana, got contact info)
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Talk to Moen about judging
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to evw about judging
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Email professors
    - Nathan Taylor
    - SHana
    - Kate Jensen
    - Chad Myers
    - Dvolis
    - Chandra
    - Favonia
    - Wendt
    - Hopper
  - [ ] Purchase requests
- Ace/Hemant:
  - [ ] Judging plan
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Add 2 prizes
  - [ ] Dev post
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pamphlet designed by Wednesday 22nd
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Schedule helen's events
  - [ ] Get registered for classes asap
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about site visit next semester
- Louis:
  - [ ] Bring hestia back into service
  - [ ] TA tables (mostly done)
### Four Weeks
None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More Rack
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Mail

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: The lights fucking suck
- Helen: Secretary / Community ambassador positions
- Mike: Spring meeting time
- Louis: Rohan Shiva's team
- Louis: RSVP status
- Louis: Eliminating non-respondants/giving spots to people on waitlist
- Louis: RSVP over-registration policy

## Minutes
- Helen: The lights fucking suck
  - Helen: Sometimes the lights will blink on and off every few second, but not always
  - Helen: I think we should submit a maintenance request to get that fixed
- Helen: Secretary & Community ambassador positions
  - Helen: Charlie is gone, we need to discuss new community ambassador and probably new secretary
  - Helen: I think Charles has decided he's the new community ambassador since he's been doing it anyway
  - Helen: We need a new secretary
  - Mike: What do we need out of a new secretary? If it's just taking the minutes I can do that
  - Louis: I think secretary is just another person to delegate things to, but specifically emailing the departments / room reservations
  - Helen: I think we should get someone to do that. Let's put the position in the newsletter
  - Louis: I though Cole wanted to be the new secretary
  - Helen: I haven't heard from him in a while about that, but you're right, we should talk to him first
- Mike: Spring meeting time
  - Nevermind helen will have her schedule in tonight
- Louis: Rohan Shiva's team
  - Louis: Some guy emailed us to say that he made it before the cutoff but his two friends didn't
  - Louis: I think we should be nice and let them in
  - Helen: I agree, that's two more garanteed people at the event
- Louis: RSVP status
  - Louis: We currently have > 200 RSVPs, but the trendline is starting to fall off
  - Louis: I think we should start culling people who are non-responsive and move people up from the waitlist
  - Helen: I think it's a good idea to move up the waitlist line if it'll get more responses
  - Louis: I'll run some numbers and we can decide, but this might mean we should adjust our policy on garanteed admission
  - Helen: How many garanteed spots have we given out already?
  - Louis: Too many, but if we shuffle things around we could get more yes's out of the same number of spots
- Louis: RSVP over-registration policy
  - Louis: How many garanteed spots are we giving away?
  - Louis: would we rather have 280 or 320? if we have 320 will we run out of food?
  - Nathan: Yes, but let me check something
  - Helen: I think the only time we're in danger of running out of food is earlier on, before people start to trickle out
  - Louis: Okay, well I'll try not to extend more than 300 garantees
  - Louis: The real question is what percent over 100 we can be save giving out. imo it's around 10, since RSVPing is a pretty solid indicator that they'll come
- Mike: Volunteers day-of
  - Mike: Since my job is to coordinate volunteers day-of, I'd like to talk about what the volunteers will be doing
  - Helen: We'll need someone posted by the door from the start until 2 when judging starts to make sure only participants get in
  - Helen: And once the building closes we'll need periodic patrols to tell people not to be hanging out outside the great hall. at least every two hours?
  - Mike: It honestly doesn't matter to me if people want to hang out in coffman
  - Louis: I do think we should have patrols to at least ask people if they're okay
  - Mike: Volunteers will also be helping with setup and teardown, yes
  - Helen: Yes, and Louis will probably need 3-ish people to help with cabling
  - Helen: Other than that, snack setup and for dinner (bringing the food in, setting it up on the tables)
  - Helen: Someone will need to guard the prizes and snacks in the kitchen area.
  - Helen: We'll need a bunch of people during check-in
  - Mike: okay, this is good
- Misc
  - Helen: oh, i need to work on my speech and make two slidedecks (one for speech, one to go throughout the day)
  - Helen: How do i make talking about the topic seem exciting?
  - Helen: Usually we have a company come in and be excited about stuff but we don't have that this year
  - Nathan: We can be excited about ACM instead?
  - Helen: [redacted]
  - Helen: Okay that helps, thank you

## Things to say
- Talk to your professors about Donuts
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better for them to get done and have someone a little bit grumpy than not have money for MinneHack, or other bad things.

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- MinneHack (with link)
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] Stickermule
  - [ ] Review budget and purchases
  - [ ] Sponsor arrival info email
- Helen:
  - [ ] Closed caption email
  - [ ] Food permits
  - [ ] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes (emailed shana, got contact info)
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Talk to Moen about judging
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to evw about judging
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Email professors
    - Nathan Taylor
    - Shana
    - Kate Jensen
    - Chad Myers
    - Dvolis
    - Chandra
    - Favonia
    - Wendt
    - Hopper
  - [ ] Purchase requests
- Ace/Hemant:
  - [ ] Judging plan
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Add 2 prizes
  - [ ] Dev post
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pamphlet designed by Wednesday 22nd
- Helen:
  - [ ] Write opening speech
  - [ ] Make slide decks
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Schedule helen's events
  - [ ] Get registered for classes asap
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about site visit next semester
- Louis:
  - [ ] Call facilities about the lights
  - [ ] Build check-in interface
  - [ ] Send "RSVP or lose your spot" email
  - [ ] Bring hestia back into service
  - [ ] TA tables (mostly done)
### Four Weeks
None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More Rack
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Mail
