+++
title = "2020-06-29 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-06-29
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-06-29 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:10  
End Time:   17:35  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charlie:
  - [x] Email Josh Nelson
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] ~~Finish new sponsorship info~~
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
- Louis:
  - [ ] Tell Irene/whoever that Hemant is in charge now
  - [ ] Make Ringo stop being in the keybase
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Tell the department that Cole and Kelton are in charge now (?)
- Hemant:
  - [ ] nginx reload cron job
  - [x] Mail server
### Four Weeks
- None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- Charlie: Coffman reservation
- Charlie: MinneHack

## Minutes
- Charlie: Coffman reservation
  - Charlie: We got an email asking us to cancel our reservations if we're not gonna do them
- Charlie: MinneHack
  - Cole: What are we thinking about MinneHack?
  - Hemant: We don't need to cancel it just yet, I think
  - Cole: It feels early to outright cancel it, but I also don't want us to be those people who pretend it's ok
  - Hemant: I think the university would understand if we waited to cancel it until last minute
  - Kelton: I think it's almost definitely not gonna be ocer by January, so what would it look like if we still had it?
  - Charlie: We could have less attendees, or have plastic dividers, stuff like that
  - Kelton: Ok, if we could have it in some form then it would be premature to cancel it now
  - [somebody]: It might also be harder to find sponsors with all this going on
  - Charlie: I only bring it up now because we got the email about it, but it's not super pressing because we already have the reservation
  - Cole: We can revisit this later when we have something to say
- Distancing policies:
  - Cole: The university just announced that masks will be mandatory this year, so we will have to enforce that in acm as well
  - Cole: Do we need anything other than basic cleaning supplies while i'm sending in the purchase request?
  - Charlie: We should get a laser thermometer, and maybe a new undamaged hand sanitizer bottle
  - Cole: Ok, I can add that to the list. Should we get a box of masks as well?
  - Charlie: Couldn't hurt
  - Kelton: Looking at the website, it says the U will distribute masks
  - Charlie: I still think it's good to have a small number in case of emergencies
  - Cole: They're looking pretty expensive right now...
  - Charlie: We still have two months before it's an issue, we can wait until prices go down
- MinneHack (reprise)
  - Charlie: I have decided it probably doesn't make sense for me to continue with the current sponsorship iteration, so i'm going to put that on hold
- Other events?
  - Kelton: Should we figure out what events we're doing? Cole you said they asked about that for the budget
  - Hemant: I think all events like LAN party will probably have to be cancelled
  - Kelton: We could probably still have paper pals and things like that in an altered form
  - Cole: At some point we should go through a list of all our events and decide which ones to cancel or adapt
  - Cole: I'm just not comfortable having most of our events with all this going on
  - Charlie: I can make a list like that and we can go over it next week
  - Cole: Will the U require us to log who comes into the room for contact tracing?
  - Kelton: It doesn't look like they will

## Things to say
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- N/a

## TODO
### Today
- None
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Make event list to go over
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
- Louis:
  - [ ] Tell Irene/whoever that Hemant is in charge now
  - [ ] Make Ringo stop being in the keybase
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Tell the department that Cole and Kelton are in charge now (?)
- Hemant:
  - [ ] nginx reload cron job
- Cole & Kelton:
  - [ ] Purchase requests
### Four Weeks
- None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge