+++
title = "2020-10-26 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-10-26
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-10-26 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:00  
End Time:   ?  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- ~~Mike       (Vice President)~~
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- ~~Louis~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)

## Topics for Discussion
- SDC
- MinneHack
- PaperTrail & NameCheap

## Minutes
- SDC
  - Charlie: There have been emails, it's happening this Friday, and we have a prize budget.
  - Cole: Is the sponsor going to be buying and shipping the prizes, or is that on us?
  - Charlie: The sponsor will be handling that.
  - Cole: Good, then we don't have to hanlde any money through the departments.
  - Charlie: We should have a prompt by Friday.
  - Charlie: How are we advertising?
  - Andrew: We could send out a newsletter, when was the last one?
  - Charlie: A while ago, we should be fine sending another.
  - Andrew: Let's draft one and send it out.
  - Charlie: I'll be doing other emails anyways and can do that later tonight.
- MinneHack
  - Charlie: That is *worryingly* close in my opinion, and we haven't done anything yet.
  - Charlie: We need to make a final descision on format. We will probably use DevPost and have each prize as an opt-in option.
  - Kelton: So how will the prizes work? Smaller & jeoparody style prizes?
  - Charlie: Yeah, smaller prizes. We also need to talk to potential sponsors for MinneHack.
  - Cole: How do we want to do prompt/theme stuff?
  - Charlie: That won't be released until the event, so we have some leeway with that. We need to get registration setup soon though. Is Hemant here?
  - Hemant: Yes
  - Charlie: Someone who isn't me should get that set up.
  - Hemant: Oh, yes. Ok. Sure. Yeah. Ok. Yeah, ok. I'll do that. Ok.
  - Charlie: I'll be sending out sponsorship inquiry emails tomorrow.
  - Hemant: We just need a form like last year, right?
  - Charlie: Yes.
- PaperTrail & NameCheap
  - Cole: Department alerted us that CC number has been changed, not our fault.
  - Kelton: I can contact Leean and get that taken care of.

### Newsletter
- SDC Friday
- PaperPals Tuesday
- UNIX Class 4 tomorrow

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Update MinneHack site with this year's stuff
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
  - [ ] Make MinneHack registration page
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Leean about PaperTrail and Namecheap CC number
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
