+++
title = "2020-03-02 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-03-02
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-03-02 Officer Meeting

Start Time: 18:40  
End Time:   20:10  

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- Louis      (Systems Admin)
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant     (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)
- Kelton     (J Chillin)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress)
- Helen:
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
  - [x] Reserve new UNIX class room
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
- Mike:
  - [x] Put events on the calendar
  - [x] Put events on GopherLink
### One Week
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Update Donuts w/ Dept posters
  - [ ] Make Paper Pals poster?
- Charles:
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Helen:
  - [x] Fix UNIX class posters
  - [ ] Pick and reserve room for resume event
- Louis:
  - [ ] Look at & set up backups to Google Drive
  - [ ] Put member information for server closet somewhere
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Order pizza
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: Earlier Events
- Helen: Door List
- Helen: CSE Week
- Helen: LAN Party, IEEE, Gamers
- Helen: Tissues and disinfectant wipes
- Helen: Cable management
- Mike: Fridge
- Louis: CSE Week, event registration, grant
- Mike: Event details
- Louis: Etherjack/NTS Update
- Louis: Table networking
- Louis: Hardware blacklist

## Minutes
- Helen: Earlier Events
  - **We do not want earlier events.**
- Helen: Door List
  - Helen: Hemant, when did you last send the door list?
  - Hemant: It was sometime after Teddy joined
  - Louis: Did Aaron reply?
  - Hemant: Yes
  - Louis: Okay, so nothing else needs to happen
  - Louis: Also please update the door access column, it should track whether we send them, not whether it works
- Louis: Give Adam Imdieke free membership for next year
  - Louis: I think that we should give Adam a free membership since he donated a nice switch to the server room
  - Vote taken - Unanimously in favor, motion passed.
- Helen: CSE Week
  - Helen: CSE week is coming up, Ben Koch wants us to partner with someone for an event
  - Helen: I want to email him and check what charity it is so we don't end up supporting the Salvation Army
  - Charlie: Sounds good to me. If there's a physical meeting I want to be there
- Helen: LAN Party, IEEE, Gamers
  - Helen: The LAN Party is during CSE week (the week of 4/20)
  - Helen: We need to start meeting with IEEE and the Gamers to make sure things run smooth and make the event fun
  - Mike: Did we ever get the attendance speadsheet from the gamers?
  - Helen: No I don't think so
  - Mike: We should be the ones to take attendance this time around
  - Louis: RE: Tables: Kelly has asked TAs to move their hours (as of two weeks ago). I just followed up to ask for the status
  - Charlie: We have discussed doing a desert bus game as a fundraiser
  - Charlie: We should talk to the gamers about that
  - Helen: We could donate to Girls Who Code or something
- Helen: Tissues and disinfectant wipes
  - Helen: We need to buy more tissues and dissinfectant wipes because I don't want to see people using the toilet paper ~~to blow their noses any longer~~
  - Louis: I'm sure I can find somewhere for the toilet paper to go, if we don't want it here anymore
  - Helen: Take it to a shitty punk house or something
  - Mike: I'm officially signing off on this misappropriation of club resources
  - Cole: Speaking of public health generally, the U did send out a public health whoopsee
  - Cole: Do we have a policy on what to do about people being sick in here?
  - Helen: No, we don't. We should maybe have a policy on not using public stuff like beanbags and sanitizing the table when you leave
  - Helen: We should also do the laundry again
  - Louis: I can do that in the dorms over break
  - Helen: We don't need to talk about the number of washing machines we've seen
  - Helen: Nathan can you order tissues and other stuff?
  - Cole: Let's also get more hand sanitizer that hasn't been punctured and contaminated with rust.
  - Helen: Let's just get more and make a 'no pins in the hand sanitizer' sign for it
  - All: Who was it that started putting pins in it anyway? (It was Hemant)
  - Many: *Arguing about wether or not rust is bad for you, and if Tetanus can live in hand sanitizer*
  - Helen: Look, let's just get more anyway
  - Helen: Nathan your list is wipes, paper towels, tissues, and hand sanetizer
- Mike: Smell in medecine cabinet
  - Mike: It smells extremely bad
  - Hemant: ohh euugh oohh ohh
  - Cole: oooh weeeee
  - Cole: It's gaff smell don't worry about it
  - Louis: *sniff, sniff* It's not that bad
  - Mike: It's a terrible smell
  - Louis: Just don't smell it
  - Mike: Can we get air freshener?
  - Cole: It smells *gamer* in here
  - Helen will send one to buy to Nathan
- Louis: It's hot in here
  - Louis: It's hot in here and it will continue to get hotter
  - Louis: I have no idea if there is actually thermal control or how it works. Can we get a final answer?
  - Cole: The server room /is/ getting pretty toasty
  - Helen: I think it's fine
  - General: It's a little warm
  - Charlie: It used to be *cold* in the server closet, it's not really anymore
  - Louis: I swear to god we asked them to turn it up
  - Mike: I know I remember
- Helen: Cable management
  - Helen: There's a bunch of cables in the room, can they not be in the room?
  - Nathan: We have budget for stackable bins
  - Louis found some many moons ago, Charlie has a good suggestion too, Nathan needs to order something
- Cole: Funding status update
  - Nathan: They're taking kind of long, I'll check again
  - Nathan: Who's treasurer initiates?
  - All: Cole & Kelton
  - Nathan: Step 1 in that department is pre-approval request
  - Cole: I can do cleaning supplies. Kelton, can you do the bins?
  - Kelton: Yes
  - Nathan: I'll send over examples and forms for you guys to use
- Mike: Fridge
  -  Mike: I want to reinstitute the labeling and one-week policy in the fridge. It always smells like mold in the small fridge and the milk expired a month ago.
  - Cole: Is that the waffle milk?
  - Cole: Is that your milk Mike?
  - Mike: No I dropped that and it exploded
  - Charlie: Isn't that the MinneHack milk?
  - Helen: I'll throw it away
  - Everyone: *freaking the absolute fuck out about opening the milk in the room*
  - Mike: There is also other stuff that's been in there for more than a week that has similar issues
  - Charlie: Remember that QDoba issue?
  - Hemant: There's like a trend of leaving Mexican food in there
  - **Mike: What I'm trying to say is that I'm going to start checking the fridge and throwing away anything that's been in there for more than a week or smells suspicious. Keep your shit in line or I'll throw it in the garbage**
  - Charlie: I think things that have expiry dates can stay until they expire (you still need to label them)
  - Mike: OK
- Cole: Label maker
  - Nobody's sure if we asked for money for it
  - Cole: I'll do a pre-approval for it
- Mike: Event details
  - Mike: A lot of the events in the spreadsheet don't have any info about them and/or are missing some details like times
  - Helen: Such as?
  - Mike: The CTF event, we decided a time but it never made it to the sheet
  - Everyone: *saying what time they ~think~ the event is*
  - Nathan: It's April 18 2pm-8pm with an extra hour on each side for setup & teardown
  - Mike: No room for resume & interview prep either
  - Helen: I'm reserving that right now
  - Mike: Start time is 5:30, what's the end time?
  - Nathan: 7:30?
  - Mike & Helen: Sounds good.
  - Mike: There's also nothing for the study for finals event, what's up with that?
  - Charlie: That hasn't been decided yet, I'll do that eventually.
  - Mike: That's fine.
- Hemant: UNIX class availability
  - Hemant: Can we change around the UNIX classes, Louis?
  - Louis: Yeah, that would "slap".
- Louis: Etherjack/NTS Update
  - NTS vs CSE-IT private lan
    - In this whole conversation, I am unsure what private LAN means in a technical sense. CSE-IT has a 'private LAN' and that is not going away, but they want to make this no longer extend past the basement
    - We are a private LAN nested behind CSE-IT's private LAN
    - The question is, do we stay behind CSE-IT, or move to being a first-class client of NTS
    - If we want to go to EtherJack (which is the NGN - next generation networking - NTS networking offering) we need to stop being this.
    - Part of this is that it will stop being "free" to move to EtherJack as of approximatley this June (as in we will have to pay some probably-large setup fee)
    - Irene's Plan A is to move to NTS sans firewall, file exception form for NAT (get Irene to look at it)
    - Irene thinks MacDonald would make an exception to continue supporting ACM as a CSE-IT private LAN, but this should be plan B
    - When should this happen? 'Like this month'
    - EtherJack Pros:
        - 2.5gbps "base speed" ("free") and theoretically up to 10gbps, but we might need to pay (not sure how much) - not sure what form of media this would take
        - This is what NTS wants to happen (they want to eliminate private LANs)
    - CSE-IT Con:
        - If we stay under CSE-IT we aren't going to get anything over 1gbps any time soon. It would be 'low thousands' to get them to pull fiber for that if we stay on CSE-IT, but it's already run into the closet for NTS.
    - EtherJack Con:
        - If we move to EtherJack we would retain a /26 but it would be a different number. They currently have the subnet we would inhabit configured with a 'firewall' (which is some Fortiguard service) but Irene says (1) this would be controllable by our sysadmin and (2) she should be able to get them to dispense with it entire (this may require an exception request)
        - We are 'more responsible' for 'screwing up the network' if we are on EtherJack, to the point the arrangement could end. This isn't security ('noone gets in trouble about security'), but more likley this means cycles in switches/packet storms/xmas packets/STP fuckups... Need to know more about what this means.
          - Re: this: Hemant: Can we switch to PFSense?
          - Basically: We would need to be a lot more serious about having cerberus be a *real* firewall/gateway. Need more effective firewalling of member machines, anti-spoofing, etc...
          - Cole says: Real logged diagram and inventory of what is running
    - Cole: Can we have a transitional period where we get them to 'run' the EtherJack for free now/ASAP and not commit to using it until later? Reasoning: don't want downtime for ACM and **MinneHack** sites and major reconfiguration requirements
    - We don't need to commit to moving to EtherJack until we know the 'terms' as it related to NAT and firewalling and network size and security responsibility and price
    - Current status: She will get back to me with info about exception request, pricing, times, etc... I will ask her about subnet size, possible multihome/switchover period
    - Cole: How much are we willing to pay? How do we pay?
    - Nathan: First year: Dept. Then onwards: SSF. Nathan thinks this would almost certainly be approved.
  - DNS
    - Irene made it sound like we could probably get an account on service gateway, which would be nice. She was't sure why this wasn't already the case
    - I asked if we could set an `NS` record and she said noone is allowed to do that at all
- Louis: Table networking (NAT)
  - Louis: Currently we're doing 1:many NAT, and this is "big bad"
  - Louis: UIS doesn't want this because if,for example, someone sends a bomb threat from our table LAN, we need to be able to take a public source IP (note not source port) and a timestamp and know the MAC of the machine that sent it
  - Louis: To resolve this issue we need to do 1:1 NAT to or DHCP from a pool of public addresses, and keep DHCP lease logs. IMO there's no point to 1:1 NAT over a firewalled publicly routed DHCP system (this (public-DHCP) is how most jacks work in the building)
  - Louis: Really all we need to do is produce a MAC - this is mostly so they don't make us reinstall everything attached to the table LAN
  - Hemant: We could make the argument that we need more IPs (a /24?) for 1:1 NAT/public DHCP
    - Louis: (This is not really true for us, since we have more spare IPs than we could even plug into the table)
  - **We need to fix this regardless of moving to EtherJack. She said not super urgent but needs to be done.**
  - Q: How did this happen in the past?
- Louis: Hardware blacklist
  - Louis: The University has a hardware blacklist saying we're not allowed to have any Huawei, ZTE, Dahua, Hangzhou Hikvision, Hytera devices on the University's network
  - Charlie: Does this extend to user machines being plugged into the table?
  - Louis: No, this is switches, routers, server closets, etc
  - Cole: It would be impracticle to try to stop every single person with a Huawei laptop from using them
  - Hemant: Well we could
  - Louis: We could but I don't think it's worth it, it's about these machines being in network-privileged positions
  - Louis: I'm going to put this in Bookstack: https://acm.umn.edu/bookstack/books/networking/page/hardware-manufacturer-blacklist
- Mike: Spring break/scheduling
  - Mike: Are we having meetings over spring break?
  - Helen: Wednesday maybe?
  - Nathan: Maybe Monday?
  - Charlie: I'm around
  - Louis: I'll be gone Sunday - Wednesday(ish).
  - Helen: Let's do Monday.
  - Also we moved general meetings to Tuesdays (had been Thursdays)

## Things to say 
- Talk to your (cool) CSCI professors about Donuts
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- To be sent the week after spring break
- Items to include
    - UNIX Class 4 (After Spring Break)
    - Paper Pals (March 20th)
    - Target Site Visit (March 27th)
    - Resume & Interview Prep (March 26th, 5:30pm)

## TODOs
### Today
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to FAST about the resume event (Tues)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress)
- Helen:
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
### One Week
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Update Donuts w/ Dept posters
  - [ ] Make Paper Pals poster?
- Charles:
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Cole:
  - [ ] Update the rules regarding verbal warning policy
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - label maker
    - cleaning stuff
- Helen:
  - [ ] Remind Louis about Spring Break todos
  - [ ] Contact the gamers
  - [ ] Pick and reserve room for resume event
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Update door list
  - [ ] Fix membership spreadsheet
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - bins
- Louis [spring break]:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Continue tracking NGN
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
  - [ ] Order pizza
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done)
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
