+++
title = "2020-11-02 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-11-02
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-11-02 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:15  
End Time:   18:05  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- ~~Kelton     (Treasurer)~~
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [x] Update MinneHack site with this year's stuff
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
  - [x] Make MinneHack registration page
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Leean about PaperTrail and Namecheap CC number
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)

## Topics for Discussion
- MinneHack registration
- Annual report

## Minutes
- MinneHack registration
  - Louis:
    - no-restrictions gender field issue (at least add a 'please double check' nagbox if none of man|woman|male|female|boy|girl|neutral|gender|trans|non|binary are substrings, since we got a shitload of phone numbers and middle names last year)
    - chuck travel stuff i assume?
    - do we still need gender if no sleeping areas? we have needed it for MLH in the past AFAIK and it is useful statistical information; if we don't need it maybe make it optional?
    - discord integration out of the gate?
    - what else do we always forget?
  - Hemant: I have all the logic to put things in the database and let people submit forms, we just need to decide what info to collect
  - Louis: Are we still an MLH affiliate?
  - Charlie: No
  - Andrew: I took the badge off the website. Do we need to update our code of conduct now?
  - Mike: Can we just paraphrase theirs?
  - Andrew: Yes?
  - Cole: The only thing we'd need to change is the reporting procedures
  - Cole: I feel like a lot of this is already under the acm code of conduct
  - Mike: The only part of the acm code of conduct that's really applicable to a day-long event is the general behavior section
  - Andrew: We should probably update the rules just in general
  - Mike: What information did we decide to collect?
  - Hemant: I think first name, last name email should be fine unless the U wants more than that
  - Louis: There was that one woman who wanted demographic info for her pdh or something
  - Charlie: Sponsors might want to know where people are coming from
  - Louis: Oh yeah, school, year in school, and major might be good to collect also
  - Hemant: Andrew can you update the form with this info?
  - Andrew: Yeah ok
  - Andrew: are we sending out shirts this year?
  - Charlie: No, we would have had to start thinking about that a long time ago
  - Charlie: The only physical thing we're doing is prizes
  - Hemant: Opaque also needs to get started if we're doing online MinneHack
  - Charlie: Not necessarily, we can still just use devpost
  - Hemant: Oh. I was gonna say, I could just extend the thing I wrote to be opaque
- Annual report
  - Mike: I've filled it out but I can't submit it until we get our national memberships
  - Cole: Oh. I can email Shana then
  - Mike: We also need to talk about the money

### Newsletter
- N/a

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Update the MinneHack registration form
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up MinneHack discord integration
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Leean about PaperTrail and Namecheap CC number
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
- Someone:
  - [ ] Update room rules
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
