+++
title = "2020-02-05 MinneHack Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-02-05
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-02-05 Officer Meeting

Start Time: 17:30  
End Time:   20:25  

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- Louis      (Systems Admin)
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant     (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)

## TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] ~~Stickermule~~
  - [ ] ~~Review budget and purchases~~
  - [x] Sponsor arrival info email
- Helen:
  - [x] Closed caption email
  - [x] Food permits
  - [x] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes (emailed shana, got contact info)
- Hemant:
  - [x] Talk to Moen about judging
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Talk to evw about judging~~
- Nathan:
  - [ ] ~~Email professors~~
  - [ ] Purchase requests
- Ace/Hemant:
  - [x] Judging plan
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [x] Add 2 prizes
  - [x] Dev post
- Cole:
  - [x] Pamphlet designed by Wednesday 22nd
- Helen:
  - [x] Write opening speech
  - [x] Make slide decks
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Schedule helen's events
  - [ ] Get registered for classes asap
  - [ ] ~~Talk to Darielle about site visit next semester~~
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Call facilities about the lights~~
  - [x] Build check-in interface
  - [x] Send "RSVP or lose your spot" email
  - [x] Bring hestia back into service
  - [ ] TA tables (mostly done)
  - [ ] Pick dates for UNIX classes to reserve labs
### Four Weeks
None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More Rack
  - [ ] ~~Write CTF running guide~~
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Set up mail server

## Topics for Discussion
- Nathan: Event scheduling
- Nathan: Travel reimbursement deliberations
- Nathan: Sponsorship redraft
- Charlie: Subjects
- Charlie: Site visit
- Charlie: Think talk
- Charlie: Officers
- Charlie: Name change
- Louis: Events on website
- Charlie: Meeting length
- Charlie: MinneHack post event website
- Helen: Career fair (mh)
- Charlie: Opaque/12-stop/n-stop
- Mike: Post-MinneHack cleanup
- Mike: Mailing back sponsor materials
- Louis: Ops requests
  - USB-to-serial and/or iKVM for cerberus mgmt
  - 6a
  - Heads
  - Wire mgmt runners
  - GPUs?
  - Trays and heatsinks for r410?
  - PDUs?
  - 10g/fibre equipment?
- Charlie: MinneHack system meeting time
- Cole: Major info event
- Cole: Ops request: label maker
- Cole: Moving server rack & closet space
- Charlie: Ops request: foam for closet (ask Cole)
- Charlie: Membership (things need to get done)
- Charlie: Send Oculus (Nathan)

## Minutes
- Nathan: Event scheduling
  - Charlie: Fridays are a good day for 1-250
  - Mike: Could we use 1-262
  - Charlie: No, it's too small
  - Louis: If people use their own laptops it'll be fine
  - Louis: Alternatively, we could just tell people to use vole
  - Mike: That defeats the purpose of getting a lab
  - Charlie: We could get Lind 40, there's like nothing on the schedule
  - Mike: What about other events
  - Helen: We have money for two paper pals, and we've already chosen the first paper
  - Mike: Do we want to get a smaller room for paper pals this time?
  - Helen: Yes, I'll do that
  - Louis: See if you can get the circle room (2-260)
  - Helen: I'll make the poster, too
  - Nathan: The resume event...
  - Helen: Cole and I were talking earlier that we could use the resume event money for a similar event where we have experienced students talk about upper division classes and tracks
  - Helen: We could have that around registration time, and not at the same time as ACM-W's event
  - Nathan: I'll talk to SSF and see if we're allowed to use the money for that, it sounds similar enough
  - Mike: Do we have the atrium reserved for the LAN party?
  - Helen: Yes
  - Nathan: I have dates for Donuts with the Department
  - Helen: Did you request the room?
  - Nathan: No I don't know how
  - Helen: I will show you
  - Mike: Once we choose dates for everything we should put them on the website
  - Helen: Donuts should be 9:30 to 10:30, so it overlaps with two class blocks
  - Helen: Ecolab think talk?
  - Charlie: That's probably mine
  - Nathan: Oh, just a side note we didn't announce sponsor names during MinneHack...
  - Helen: Oh we didn't have an open house last week
  - Mike: Did anyone come in?
  - No
  - Charlie: We need to advertise Unix classes to 2021 and 2041, because that's who the first two are aimed at
  - Nathan: 11x3 classes use Unix and Git now, so that's why the first one gets so big
  - Helen: Let's pick a day and time for open houses right now!
  - Helen: Actually, Hemant, this is your job
  - Hemant: Great
  - Hemant: I'm free at 4 on Thursday
  - Charlie: Let's do these every other week
  - Louis: I think every week is fine, since it isn't anything
  - Louis: I also think we should call them general meetings, so we have something to say when people ask
  - Nathan: Let's do something fun like play Star Trek, or give tours of the server closet
  - Louis: If we wanna start earlier, I can be free at 3:00
  - Helen: Charlie are you taking the Target Site Visit and Ecolab Think Talk?
  - Charlie: Yes
  - Helen: Cool, and we don't have to worry about study for finals for a bit
- Nathan: Travel reimbursement deliberations
  - Nathan: We have a total that's under 2000 dollars, do we wanna go over everything?
  - Nathan: We had some that were over 100, and some questionable ones
  - Charlie: If the total is less than half of what we budgeted, I think just give it to everyone
  - Louis: I think in the future we should require that people submit on DevPost to get reimbursement
  - Helen: That's fine, but not this year because we didn't say that
  - Nathan: What do we do about people who didn't talk to me at the event?
  - Louis: They were told to talk to Nathan
  - Charlie: In general no reimbursement, but maybe on a case-by-case basis
- Charlie: Sponsorship redraft
  - Nathan: We needed a sponsorship redraft to talk to the tax people, did that get done?
  - Charlie: It's in progress, I should have it done by the tax meeting
  - Nathan: So I should schedule the meeting?
  - Charlie: Yes
  - Nathan: Where can I look at it?
  - Charlie: It's in the shared drive, but it won't really make sense to anyone but me in its current form
  - Charlie: I tried to make it transferable from year to year with a drive extention that can replace a variable
  - Louis: What should I do about the "sponsors next" page on minnehack.io you had me make? Just nuke it and replace it with a think that says contact us?
  - Charlie: Yeah sure
  - Charlie: In the tier outline, I've made the stuff nobody ever uses optional, which is more relevant to like Monster or whatever
  - Charlie: The four tiers still exist and are pretty much the same but with some wording changes
  - Charlie: I added an "other options" section with more details that I will write later
  - Charlie: I think we should lower the price of the platinum tier so we could more reasonable convince someone to pay it, since 3x the next lowest tier is a lot
  - Helen: How much are we lowering it to?
  - Charlie: I have it at 12,000 right now, based on the prices of things
  - Nathan: I would be okay with lowering it to 10,000, i think that makes it more attractive
  - Louis: What do we do if we drop it too low and multiple companies want it? if it's 10,000 we lose out on 2000 by lowering one to gold
  - Charlie: I think we go to 10,000. I'll adjust the perk breakdown
  - Charlie: I also think it should go on the website as soon as it's done
- Charlie: Subjects
  - Charlie: If you send multiple emails with the same subject line, gmail condenses it into one unreadable thread
  - Charlie: Just wanted to get that on the record. Make sure you mix up the words if you send an email to multiple people
- Charlie: Site visit
  - Charlie: Is there a good time in the semester for this to happen?
  - Nathan: I think earlier is better
  - Charlie: Great, I'll talk to Darielle
- Charlie: Think talk
  - Charlie: We promised Ecolab a think talk during the semester as a makeup for not doing one during MinneHack. We might also have one for SPS
  - Nathan: The deadline for SSF is next week
  - Charlie: Do we make the company pay for pizza?
  - Helen: Yes
  - Nathan: No
  - Nathan: I could probably get the department to pay for pizza for an event like that
  - Helen: I think we can tell them "if you want pizza, you have to pay for it"
  - Nathan: I'm fine with that.
  - Helen: If we do not mention food, there will not be food, and nobody will come
  - Cgarkes: might have sps too
- Charlie: Officers
  - Charlie: idr why I wrote that
  - Charlie: Oh Kelton said he's interested in treasurer next year
  - Louis: I would feel bad if we did that to him
  - Nathan: I'll be around for the first half of next year, and Sue is helpful. She got us access to view our account balances and stuff
  - Louis: Hemant, you have to do the door email now
  - Hemant: Ok but please tell me how
  - Louis: This is a good opportunity to get officer responsibilities back to the correct person
  - Louis: After Cassie left everyone else took over membership roles, and now nobody knows what membership is supposed to do
- Charlie: Name change
  - Charlie: Now that we're a CLP and we're allowed to represent ourselves as part of the U, we should change our name to ACM UMN so it's not absurdly long
- Louis: Events on website
  - Louis: When we have events scheduled they should go on the website
  - Cole: Could we embed the calendar on the events page?
  - Everyone: No, and fuck you
  - Mike: Also, the way events get on the calendar is I read them off the events page and copy them over by hand
- Charlie: Meeting length
  - Charlie: Meetings are never shorter than an hour and a half, so we should reflect that in our schedules
  - When else would work for meetings?
  - Louis: I think since Ashmita isn't at the meetings, we could not schedule around her
  - Helen: I think if you're not at the meeting, it doesn't make sense to be an officer
  - Louis: We could also roll webmaster into secretary
  - Mike: I think webmaster doesn't need to be a separate job, it's just anyone who needs to can push to a git repo
  - Charlie: If we're not considering Ashmita, we have a free hour and a half on Monday nights
  - **Meetings are now on Mondays at 6:30**
- Charlie: MinneHack post event website
  - Louis: I just converted it to its post event form
  - Louis: Oh, someone who knows about analytics should do that to minnehack.io
- Helen: Career fair (mh)
  - Helen: I was going to say people should talk about MinneHack at the career fair but it's moot now
  - Hemant: Oh I actually did talk about MinneHack with Cargill, I got some contact info
- Charlie: Opaque
  - Louis: I think we should table this until the summer, I don't have the badwidth during the semester
- Mike: Post-MinneHack cleanup
  - Mike: This is less of a problem because I already did some of it, but after MinneHack there are 100 boxes of tape and cables and cups everywhere
  - Charles: I think since we're getting more rack and we're going to have to reorganize, we should hold off on excessive cleaning for now
- Mike: Mailing back sponsor materials
  - Mike: There are like three separate sponsor materials that need to get mailed back and it's been like two weeks
  - Nathan: They _should_ have return lables on them, if they do then all that needs to happen is to take them down to Coffman
  - Charlie: Optum has a return, Ecolab does not
  - Mike: What about the box of tablets?
  - Helen: That's also Optum's and it has a return lable, it just needs to be resealed
  - Charlie: I'm talking to Ecolab about shipping right now, they just haven't emailed me back yet
- Louis: Ops requests
  - Requests:
    - USB-to-serial and/or iKVM for cerberus mgmt
    - CAT 6a
    - Heads
    - Wire mgmt runners
    - ~~GPUs?~~
    - Shelves
    - Trays for r410?
        - Louis: This would be a good thing to do for like $20
    - Hard drives
    - PDUs?
    - 10g/fibre equipment?
  - Louis: These are the things I want
  - Louis: we originally bought garlic with the intention of putting lots of gpus in it.
  - Louis: This (the GPUs) doesn't seem like something that we need right now
  - Cole: we could re-allocate gpu money for shelves
- Cole: Request: Label maker (non-frankenstien)
  - Charles: we still have one somewhere...?
  - Mike: No we don't it's been lost for like a year
  - Helen: If we get a new one it should use the tape we still have
  - Cole: And make sure it has a qwerty keyboard, not abcd
- Charlie: request: Foam for closet
  - Charlie: Now that someone is actually using one of the servers, it might be good to get audible dampening foam
  - Charlie: And once we get more rack and more servers, it'll just be more of a problem
- Cole: Major info event
  - already talked about it
- Cole: Moving server rack & closet space
  - Cole: I've done some measuring
  - Cole: We _can_ fit in the second rack, but it'll be a tight fit and I think we'll need to reorganize the storage
  - Cole: One idea is to talk about the table and use the stacked cabinets as a table instead
  - Cole: It would also be good to clean out old stuff we don't actually need anymore, or stuff like the ethernet bin that could be stored somewhere else
  - Nathan: We could put stuff in the vacuum closet, or under the floor
  - Louis: Under the floor doesn't work because it's short, and harder to access
  - Louis: I think a bigger question than storage is whether the first rack stays where it is
  - Cole: I think it should
  - Cole: I do have a truck I can use at any point when we want to pick up the rack
  - Charlie: We should schedule rack day. Louis, Cole?
  - **4:30 onward on Friday is Rack Time**
- Cole: Newsletter Events for the week
  - Linux Classes
      - Dates: Thursdays, 5:00 - 6:15 pm
          - 02/20/20
          - 02/27/20
          - 03/05/20
          - 03/12/20
      - Location: ??????
  - General Meeting
      - Every ~~Thursday~~ Tuesday from 3:00 to 5:00 pm
          - 02/11/20
          - 02/18/20
          - 02/25/20
          - 03/01/20
  - MinneHack Recap & Photos
  - Donuts with The Department
      - 02/21/2020 (Friday)
      - 03/20/2020
      - 04/24/2020
- Charlie: Membership (things need to get done)
  - already did
- Charlie: Send Oculus (Nathan)
  - Charlie: Nathan must do this
  - Nathan: Yeah, I'm looking into it

## Things to say
- Talk to your (cool) CSCI professors about Donuts
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- See above ^^

## TODOs
### Today
- Ashmita:
  - [x] Put events on the website
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Reserve Lind 40
- Cole:
  - [ ] Send Newsletter
  - [ ] Get Truck for Operation Rack n' Roll
- Helen:
  - [ ] Talk to Ashmita
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Update door list
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Find sock person
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk
  - [ ] Does SPS get a think talk?
  - [ ] Figure out Ecolab materials shipping
  - [ ] Finish new tier outline
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about Target site visit
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reserve room for paper pals
  - [ ] Make poster for paper pals
  - [ ] Update paper pals z-link
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Schedule helen's events
  - [ ] Get registered for classes asap
- Louis:
  - [ ] Reserve TA tables for LAN party (mostly done)
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Talk to SSF about the class registration event
  - [ ] Schedule a tax meeting
  - [ ] Purchase Requests (bus, ppr trail, park)
  - [ ] Send oculus
  - [ ] Send booth material stuff backu
### Four Weeks
None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More rack
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Set up mail server
