+++
title = "2020-07-27 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-07-27
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-07-27 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:02  
End Time:   18:25  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Message Darielle about resume event
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Tell Irene/whoever that Hemant is in charge now~~
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
  - [ ] Message Ashmita about keys
### Four Weeks
- Cole:
  - [ ] Get Louis's key from him
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- ICPC
- ACM annual report
- ACM and MinneHack GitHub org
- Opaque

## Minutes
- ICPC
  - Charlie: Someone asked about this a few days ago and nobody knows anything about it
  - Charlie: I think it's reasonable for us to adopt it, since it's an ACM thing
  - Mike: I think we should email Shana first, and not just silently steal it out from under her
  - Charlie: Sure
  - Mike: Did Shana say something about not doing it anymore?
  - Charlie: There's no info about how to do it at the u on the website, it's just a link to the icpc website
  - Hemant: Someone asked at donuts, and it seems like Shana couldn't really help them
  - Charlie: i think it's reasonable for the website to direct to us instead, and we can be a matchmaking service for people who want to participate
  - Charlie: I can write that email to Shana
- ACM annual report
  - Charlie: We also keep getting emails telling us to fill out the annual report
  - Cole: What is that?
  - Mike: It's due every summer, we need to let acm national know what our events are and who our officers are
  - Mike: I can take a look at it, i've filled it out before
  - Charlie: We should talk about minnehack at some point
  - Mike: Once the school gets shut down a few weeks into the semester, we'll know more about what events look like
- ACM and MinneHack GitHub org
  - Charlie: Louis is still the big cheese on our GitHubs, it should probably be Hemant or someone
  - Hemant: Is there a reason we're using github and not selfhosting so we don't have to have turnover every year?
  - Cole: I'm in favor of self-hosting, as long as it's mirrored on github
  - Charlie: This seems complicated and bad
  - Kelton: It is complicated, but I'm not opposed to it
  - Someone: Why can't the acm email be the owner?
  - Charlie: Either way, Helen and Louis shouldn't be the owners anymore
  - Charlie: I will have louis add me as an owner and then give it to whoever else needs it
- hey anybody need a parking pass?
  - Cole: hey anybody need a parking pass?
  - Charlie: perhaps
  - Charlie: Wait nevermind this seems expensive
- Opaque
  - Charlie: Who's interested in working on it
  - Cole, Kelton, Hemant, possibly Andrew
  - Louis: I think you shouldn't write it in javascript, because javascript is bad
  - Kelton: That's why we're writing it in typescript
  - Hemant: What if we write it in "javascript" but actually write it in languages that compile to javascript
  - Cole: Does anyone have a strong opinion about what framework to use?
  - Charlie: something with a lot of proper nouns i didn't hear
  - Louis: I think you should use python and flask and not use any javascript
  - Cole: If you use any javascript framework, you have to keep in mind what the lifespan of it will be
  - Louis: I'm more concerned about whether anyone working on it two years from now will be willing to learn it
  - Louis: Things in the javascript world come and go very quickly
  - Cole: Do we know what we'd do for data storage?
  - some talking i didn't catch
  - Louis: i think if we don't use the department's database they'll yell at us about violating the data privacy rules
  - Charlie: I'm in favor of using the dept database anyway because it means we won't have to worry about backing it up
  - Kelton: So at the end of the day the stack is Typescript/Deno with Oak & Handlebars using the university MySQL database
  - Cole: What was the story with the spec?
  - Charlie: I had written some but its lost now, I'll probably just write a new spec
  - Hemant: what does opaque even need to do again?
  - Charlie: Regististration, Checkin (QR codes), emails involved with reigstration and check in, Judiging (assignment, scoring), Discord invite, discord role management, Presentation stuff (projector at the event), announcement system (for putting things on the projector/email/website), and schedule.
  - Charlie: potential problems include "Email magic links"
  - Louis: those are Hmac tokens, [technogibberish]
  - Charlie: Who working on the project would know how to do that?
  - Louis: you could figure it out in 10 mins, hemant probably already knows
  - Charlie: Hemant will probably do the email stuff, like the email server
  - Hemant: that's fine
  - Charlie: so who is going to work on what?
  - Andrew: I'm fine working on the discord API
  - Charlie: I would like to work on the projector and the announcements on the website, I will probably be doing a bunch of CSS
  - Kelton: I'm down to work on the Check in stuff
  - Charlie: I'll just move stuff from the old website and move it on the new stack, then i think we can start from there
  - Cole: At what point to we need to model the data? Do we need some plan for how things fit together in the database?
  - Charlie: I think all we need to do is to double check with another person before we make a change, just make the structure as we go
  - Andrew: are we not going to use an ORM?
  - Cole: ORM tends to make life nice, although i can't recommend one since i'm not familiar with the stack

### Newsletter
- N/a

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Charlie
  - [ ] Message Darielle about resume event
  - [ ] ICPC matchmaking service email to Shana
  - [ ] Change github ownership
- Mike
  - [ ] ACM National Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
  - [ ] Message Ashmita about keys
### Four Weeks
- Cole:
  - [ ] Get Louis's key from him
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
