+++
title = "2020-07-06 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-07-06
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-07-06 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:20  
End Time:   17:35  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- ~~Andrew     (Webmaster)~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- None
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [x] Make event list to go over
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
- Louis:
  - [ ] Tell Irene/whoever that Hemant is in charge now
  - [ ] ~~Make Ringo stop being in the keybase~~
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Nathan:
  - [x] Tell the department that Cole and Kelton are in charge now (?)
- Hemant:
  - [x] nginx reload cron job
- Cole & Kelton:
  - [x] Purchase requests
### Four Weeks
- None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- Which events to cancel & which need money

## Minutes
- Which events to cancel & which need money
  - SDC: Can be done online
  - Donuts with the department: Probably have to cancel :(
  - UNIX classes: Can be done on twitch
  - CTF:
    - Kelton: we can probably do an online jeopardy style one
    - Charlie: I like the fall ones best anyway
    - Cole: Can we ask codeday for their questions?
    - Charlie: I can ask them, yeah
    - Kelton: I can also write questions
    - Hemant: We can get questions from Michael too
  - LAN party:
    - Mike: If this does happen it will probably be the gamers' territory, since all we do is reserve the hall and buy the pizza
    - Cole: Which events will need money?
    - Charlie: CTF and SDC will, if we give prizes
    - Cole: Will they get mad if we spend less money than we request? We don't want to set a bad precedent of coming in under budget
    - Charlie: They're not going to use this year as precedent
    - Cole: I'll talk to Nathan and see how much to deduct from the request since we're not getting pizza
  - Resume and interview prep:
    - Mike: Could we do this?
    - Hemant: We could but it proabbly wouldn't work as well
    - Charlie: It's hard to facilitate one on one and group conversations online
  - Study for finals with ACM:
    - Mike: This one probably needs to be cancelled
    - Cole: They're kicking us off of campus for finals anyway
  - Paper pals:
    - Kelton: That could definitely be done over discord
    - Charlie: Paper pals is basically just officers and old members anyway :/
  - MinneHack:
    - Kelton: It's too early to really talk about MinneHack
    - Charlie: We should probably schedule a meeting with the administration to talk about what MinneHack will look like

## Things to say
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- N/a

## TODO
### Today
- None
### One Week
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Make Ringo stop being in the keybase
- Louis:
  - [ ] Tell Irene/whoever that Hemant is in charge now
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### Four Weeks
- None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
