+++
title = "2021-01-11 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-01-11
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-01-11 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:05  
End Time:   17:20  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- ~~Hemant     (Systems Admin)~~
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- ~~Louis~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Email Sue
### One Week
- Kelton:
  - [x] Purchase National Accounts
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Fill out the whentomeet
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Student group registration
- Sponsorship update
- MinneHack prompts
- Opaque(?)
- MinneHack team formation

## Minutes
- Student group registration
  - Kelton: We got an email saying we need to re-register (on gopherlink) by february 28th
  - Kelton: I can do that
- Sponsorship update
  - Charlie: We're up to 5000 dollars, we have 1 bronze, 1 silver, and 1 gold sponsor
  - Charlie: I'm gonna keep pestering people to try to get more sponsors
  - Andrew: Oh, I should add those new sponsors to the website
- MinneHack prompts
  - Kelton: Just a check in, where are we on this?
  - Kelton: Were we thinking of doing a contact tracing thing?
  - Mike: I think we came down pretty firmly on the position that contact tracing is covered basically
  - Charlie: Also we don't have a platinum sponsor yet, and that company would need to have a hand in whatever the prompt ends up being
  - Kelton: K
- Opaque(?)
  - Kelton: Are we still doing opaque? How are we doing MinneHack
  - Charlie: I think we gave up on opaque for this year and we're doing devpost instead
  - Andrew: Hemant's registration backend is called opaque, so I think that's what opaque is now
  - Kelton: Ok, I guess I can ask him directly
- MinneHack team formation
  - Kelton: Are we doing team formation on devpost also?
  - Charlie: No, that would be on [chatserver]. Devpost doesn't have funcitonallity for that
  - Kelton: I know there was debate about that, are we doing discord or something else?
  - Cole: I think it would be ideal if it was discord
  - Mike: Agree
  - Andrew: We should look into licencing gather.town
- When2meet
  - Starting next week, meetings are Thursdays at 1:00

## Newsletter
- Beg for MinneHack registrations
- Social hour reminder

## TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Email Sue
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Add new sponsors to website
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Fill out student group registration form
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Fill out the whentomeet
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
