+++
title = "2021-02-01 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-02-01
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-02-01 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:40  
End Time:   18:00  

## Attendance
- ~~Charles    (President)~~
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charlie:
  - [x] Get sponsor info, offer twitch thinktalks
- Mike:
  - [x] Send registration email blast
- Charlie, Kelton, Hemant:
  - [x] Figure out prizes, prompts, run of show
### One Week
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Fill out student group registration form
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- acmumn@gmail phone 2fa
- ACM national chapter missing members

## Minutes
- acmumn@gmail phone 2fa
  - Cole: To get into our google account we needed to sign up for 2fa, so Hemant added his phone number
- ACM national chapter missing members
  - Mike: That just means people haven't signed into the administrative interface and added themselves as officers
  - Mike: I added myself as an officer so I could submit the annual report but I don't think anyone else is on there
  - Kelton: Ok, I can try to log on and add myself too
  - Mike: If someone could ask Shana what her ID number is so we can add her as well, that would be great
- Upcoming events:
  - Mike: What events do we have coming up that I need to put on the newsletter/google calendar?
  - Cole: I'm not sure. Charlie told Shana we have UNIX classes this semester, I know that

## Newsletter
- 2/11 - 3/4: unix classes

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Fill out student group registration form
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
