+++
title = "2021-03-01 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-03-01
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-03-01 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:35  
End Time:   18:00  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- ~~Andrew     (Webmaster)~~
- Louis
- Marguerite

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Put events on website
### One Week
- Mike:
  - [ ] ~~Reset acmpr's password~~
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Chapter missing officers
- Recruiter email
- Papertrail billing period

## Minutes
- Chapter missing officers
  - Kelton: I fixed that this morning, except for Shana
  - Mike: Which officers did you add?
  - Kelton: Just you, me, and Charlie. I also added the CSV of our membership spreadsheet
- Recruiter email
  - Mike: What do we want to say to this guy? Can we just ignore it, or do we have to politely turn it down
  - Charlie: I vote just ignore it
- Papertrail billing period
  - Cole: I just emailed them about that
  - Cole: Papertrail doesn't offer annual billing
  - Kelton: Yes it does. I just checked it this morning
  - Cole: Oh weird, I didn't see that anywhere
  - Charlie: Do we actually use papertrail?
  - Hemant: Yeah, Argo reports to it
  - Louis: Hemant gets the emails. We're using it to know if the website goes wrong
  - Louis: If someone has a better idea that papertrail feel free to pitch it
  - Hemant: I could set something up on a personal server
  - Louis: Well ok, the point is that we're not using someone's bootlegged system
  - Louis: If we roll our own system that just means the failure notification system is another thing that can fail
  - Hemant: I think the more pertinent thing is the keybase thing
- Keybase?
  - Louis: Keybase kinda sucks as a service. Also I kinda don't like them anymore ideologically, after the crypto thing
  - Louis: An alternative could be some kind of password manager, but I don't know of any that are free for multiple users
  - Charlie: We could just get a single username and share the password
  - Kelton: Semi-related, but I recently learned that the U is discontinuing unlimited storage for groups
  - Cole: What's wrong with just using a spreadsheet in Google?
  - Louis: The shared folder is such a mess of permissions, there's no way to know who has access to what
  - Kelton: Do we want to just abandon ship on that folder and start using the drive from now on?
  - Mike: Yeah, sounds good to me
  - Cole: So are we going with a shared spreadsheet?
  - Mike: I would prefer a different thing, if possible
  - Cole: I think bitwarden is only like a dollar a month
  - Louis: But then you would bear the brunt of making sure that gets payed for lol
  - Charlie: I believe passbolt is free forever with no strings
  - Louis: Wait what are the strings though? I don't trust that
  - Charlie: The string is that you have to host it yourself
  - Louis: Oh, that's fine then
  - Louis: While we're abandoning things, are we ever going to use bookstack or were we just lying to ourselves?
  - Hemant: Oh we're not using that
  - Hemant: If we are going to have knowledge hosted somewhere it should be somewhere simple like a txt file, not some php monstrosity
- Elections:
  - Louis: We should talk about officer elections
  - Louis: Marguerite is interested in being treasurer still, yes?
  - Marguerite: Yeah that's correct

## Newsletter
- N/a

## TODOs
### Today
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Put events on website
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up passbolt
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Ask Shana for her national account info
  - [ ] Talk to Leanne about papertrail annual fee
  - [ ] Finish Networking Upgrade pre-approval requests
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
