+++
title = "2021-01-21 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-01-21
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-01-21 Online Meeting

Start Time: 13:07  
End Time:   14:08  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- ~~Cole       (Treasurer)~~
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- ~~Louis~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [x] Email Sue
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [x] Add new sponsors to website
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Fill out student group registration form
- Mike:
  - [x] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Everyone:
  - [x] Fill out the whentomeet
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Prompts
- Prizes
- Is there going to be a Twitch/other stream?
- Are there any sponsors expecting presentation/similar slots? How do we loop them in? Stream keys for them?
- Onboarding mentors/sponsors to chat. Need a mentor/sponsor coordinator.
- We collected Resumes, right? How many are there? How do we get them out to sponsors?
- What the hell happened to sending an RSVP? We have no idea how many people/if anyone is going to come.
- What happened to the previous consensus to use discord or noone will pay attention to the chat platform? CodeDay tried this multiple times and it was a disaster each time...
- Fleshing out run of show document
- Choosing new meeting time

## Minutes
- Prompts
  - Mike: I think we were waiting for sponsors before we decide that? What's the status on that
  - Andrew: I think that's only for platinum, and we didn't get a platinum sponsor this year
  - Charlie: Ecolab has their own prompt, so we need three or four more in addition to that
  - Charlie: We can figure this out in detail at the brainstorming session this evening
- Prizes
  - Charlie: We have $6000 to spend. I think the prizes should be decided once we know the difficulty of each prompt
  - Charlie: That hould be enough for Ecolab's prizes, three more catagories, and maybe a fun category like code golf or something
- Is there going to be a Twitch/other stream?
  - Charlie: I think it might be a good idea to run the stream from cole's house, since most of the staff is there or could be
  - Charlie: Is your internet stable?
  - Kelton: Mostly, but it does cut out in the middle of the night sometimes
  - Charlie: That's probably better/safer than being on campus
  - Charlie: I think that we run both a twitch stream and a zoom call for people who can't use twitch
- Are there any sponsors expecting presentation/similar slots? How do we loop them in? Stream keys for them?
  - Charlie: It would probably be easier to just have sponsors join the zoom call, then stream the zoom call, rather than anything else
  - Charlie: I know Ecolab is doing a thinktalk at 2pm on Saturday
  - Charlie: I think it makes sense to let each of the sponsors introduce themselves during the kickoff
- Onboarding mentors/sponsors to chat. Need a mentor/sponsor coordinator.
  - Kelton: Do we have emails for the sponsors to send them the rocketchat link?
  - Charlie: We should be able to get that information to each of them by Friday
  - Charlie: Cigna is sending two per shift, I assume ecolab is sending someone, I haven't heard from CAT or Best Buy yet
  - Charlie: Does anyone want to be the mentor coordinator?
  - Kelton: I can do that I guess
  - Charlie: We should probably have a judging coordinator, too
  - Charlie: Cigna has two judges, I assume some of us will be judging too
- We collected Resumes, right? How many are there? How do we get them out to sponsors?
  - Hemant: We have 90ish people in rocketchat right now
  - Hemant: We have resumes for roughly half of those
  - Charlie: I assume we can just send them a drive link or a zip file
  - Charlie: If they want a specific format I'm sure that'll be fine too
- What the hell happened to sending an RSVP? We have no idea how many people/if anyone is going to come.
  - Hemant: Because we have people logging onto the chat platform that should be good enough
  - Hemant: It feels unnecessary to collect RSVPs for an online event with no max attendance
  - Andrew: We should send out a newsletter telling people to sign up
  - Mike: Yeah I can do that later today
- What happened to the previous consensus to use discord or noone will pay attention to the chat platform? CodeDay tried this multiple times and it was a disaster each time...
  - well we already did it so too late now
- Fleshing out run of show document
  - Charlie and the antisocial gamers will do this tonite they pwomise
- Choosing new meeting time
  - Monday at 5:30? Someone needs to ask Cole

## Newsletter
- MinneHack registrations begging

## TODOs
### Today
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Get sponsor info, offer twitch thinktalks
- Mike:
  - [ ] Send registration email blast
- Charlie, Kelton, Hemant:
  - [ ] Figure out prizes, prompts, run of show
### One Week
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Fill out student group registration form
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
