+++
title = "2021-01-04 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-01-04
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-01-04 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:15  
End Time:   18:30  

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- ~~Kelton     (Treasurer)~~
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [x] Set up papertrail again
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Purchase National Accounts
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Fill out the whentomeet
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Covid-19 ct companion MinneHack prompt
- They are trying to move us

## Minutes
- Covid-19 ct companion MinneHack prompt
  - Charlie: I met with Shana, she said there's a professor who's doing contact tracing stuff and was wondering if we wanted to do that at MinneHack
  - Mike: We could do that. We need prompts
  - Louis: I would say this problem has already been solved, I don't know if this is really helpful
  - Louis: If we were gonna do something covid related, I would say it should be something about community building or co-presense
  - Mike: How many prompts do we need?
  - Charlie: I think somewhere between 3 and 5
- They are trying to move us
  - Charlie: They're converting one floor in Lind into a CSCI student group area and they're trying to move all the student groups there, but Shana was like 'no way'
  - Louis: That's pretty poggers of her
  - Louis: Actually are the Lind rooms better than our current one?
  - Charlie: She said they would be tiny, and probably not have a server closet
  - Mike: I was gonna say it might be nice to be in the same place as the other groups so we wouldn't out of the way, but I don't wanna be in a room that sucks
  - Louis: If the room was of a comparable size and had a server closet I would like to be in a room with windows
- MinneHack
  - Louis: Do we have sponsors, a schedule, a prompt?
  - Louis: What's our copresense situation? Are we doing the twitch stream, are we telling people to meet in second life?
  - Mike: We should get department funds to buy land in second life for minnehack (joke)
  - Cole: Oh on the topic of department funds, we still don't have the ssf funds we requested for ram for argo
  - Hemant: We do desperately need that
  - Louis: We could try asking IEEE or teslaworks if this is happening to us or if it's just us
  - Cole: I think it's just us, because we didn't know about the end of semester thing last spring
  - Cole: I'll email Sue again and see what's up
  - Hemant: What are doing as far as being engaging and not just being a discord chat?
  - Mike: I'm 100 percent on board for the twitch stream idea
  - Andrew: What would we have on it? Do we have sponsors who could have something interesting to say for a long period of time?
  - Mike: Have we been asking the sponsors whether they have something to present?
  - Louis: I'm pretty sure if we offered sponsors a spot, they would find something to put there
  - Charlie: The tier outline only says platinum gets a presentation at kickoff, but there's no reason we couldn't have people present at other times
  - Hemant: I think we could have a long-running game through the livestream and give out a small prize to people who play along
  - Hemant: Or twitch installs arch linux
  - Cole: I think twitch plays is a good idea
  - Louis: I think we should construct a document with like 15 different things you can /do/, or else it might be a disaster
  - Mike: I think we should have a minecraft server also
  - Louis: We should get goldycraft to host MinneHack
  - Hemant: I think you can just download a copy of goldycraft and host it yourself
  - Louis: We need a schedule of things we can do on a livestream and who's gonna be on when

## Newsletter
- MinneHack announcement
- Social hour reminder

## TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Email Sue
### One Week
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Purchase National Accounts
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Fill out the whentomeet
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
