+++
title = "2021-05-24 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-05-24
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-05-24 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:30  
End Time:   18:55  

## Attendance
- ~~Charles    (President)~~
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- ~~Louis~~
- ~~Marguerite~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] ~~Set up passbolt~~
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Ask Shana for her national account info
  - [ ] Talk to Leanne about papertrail annual fee
  - [ ] Finish Networking Upgrade pre-approval requests
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Election results
- DNS records for ISO mirrors
- Missing faculty sponsor again
- Papertrail yearly billing
- Papertrail not working
- Elections
- GitHub billing issue
- FY22 department budget

## Minutes
- FY22 department budget
  - Cole: Do we want money? What do we want to spend it on?
  - Cole: This is a weird time to work on this bc we can't do ssf yet
  - Kelton: we can look at the one from two years ago to see what we usually request
  - Kelton: I'm a little unclear on where the split is on where event money comes from
  - Kelton: This could be where we get the new TV from
  - Mike: Do we need a new tv?
  - Cole: The one we have is... struggling
  - Kelton: It looks like we can just copy the 2019 budget for events
  - Kelton: And the tv would go in electronics and general upkeep
  - Kelton: What else do we want to buy
  - Cole: We probably don't need to request a new couch and a new landline again
- Election results
  - Who won:
    - President: Charlie
    - Vice President: Kelton
    - Treasurer: Cole
    - Treasurer: Marguerite
    - Systems Admin: Hemant
    - Webmaster: Andrew
    - Secretary: Louis
  - Someone needs to tell Ben Koch about the new officers
  - The website needs to be updated also
- Papertrail yearly billing
  - Kelton: Hasn't happened yet, I'm meeting with Leanne to figure this out
- Papertrail not working
  - Hemant: I need to set it up. Put this on my todo list

## Newsletter
- N/a

## TODOs
### Today
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Money requests
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Update officers on website
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Ask Shana for her national account info
  - [ ] Talk to Leanne about papertrail annual fee
  - [ ] Finish Networking Upgrade pre-approval requests
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Set up passbolt
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
